I was here on business so I needed to get some rest the next day but the walls were so thin that I could here all the carrying on in the neighbors room till 3 am . This was very beautiful building the room was a lot smaller than I expected and the staff were not very friendly . The person at the front desk had no personality , did not even welcome me to the hotel . All in all I do n't think I will be back .
My wife and I were excited to visit and shop at Chicago 's Magnificent Mile on Michigan Ave. We chose the Intercontinental Hotel for it 's reputation and location . Man oh man , were we disappointed . The check in was smooth enough even though the hotel was busy and all seemed well . We got ready to go out shopping and went to visit the concierge in the lobby to ask about suggestions and bargains . There were six people in line for her and we had to wait . That was no problem since we were n't on a timetable . When we finally got to her and asked about shopping on the Miracle Mile , she just pointed to the door and said , `` It 's right out the door . '' I asked her for suggestions of the best stores for bargains and she rolled her eyes at me saying , `` there 's no such thing . '' I could n't believe her abruptness . We left the concierge stand not wanting to return . Shopping went well and was fun . We returned to our room and wanted to look up a restaurant for the night ourselves rather than ask the concierge . We could n't find a hotel directory in the room . I called the Housekeeping Department and was told , `` we 're all out of directories here in the office . '' I asked if they could check a vacant room for one . She said the hotel was full and there were no vacant rooms . I hung up and thought I would just look for a restaurant in the yellow pages . Guess what ? You guessed it , no phone book in the room . I figured we could go get a drink at The Bar , the hotel 's 20 's themed lounge , and ask the bartender for suggestions . We went to The Bar and there were only three other customers . We sat at the bar and got our drinks . As I was about to ask the bartender for restaurant suggestions , his cell phone rang . He answered it and went to the other end of the bar to talk . Twenty minutes later , he was still on the phone . Tired and hungry , my wife and I went back to our room and ordered a pizza to be delivered from Pizza Hut . Although the hotel is nice enough and the furnishings comfortable , the indifference of the staff will keep me from ever coming back . A big thumbs down to the Intercontinental Chicago . They need to look up the word hospitality in the dictionary .
I had an awful experience here . The staff were rude and unhelpful . It took forever to check in and when I did , they took a while to even find my reservation . When I got to the room , it was marginally clean and when I complained , they said they were full and could not do anything for me . I would never go back . They are obviously not worried about customer service .
I stayed at the Affnia hotel in Chicago and was extremely unsatisfied . I would recommend everyone to avoid this hotel . I paid $ 700 overall for 2 nights in a cheap , small , untidy room . Granted , I 've stayed at hotels of similar quality , but never have I paid so much for one of them ! I could not believe what I saw when I walked into the room ... it was tiny and there was small patches of mold on the wall ( that had been painted over ) . The breakfast I ordered was n't terrible , but certainly was n't good . The wifi connection was horrendously slow . If you want to spend a big buck on a hotel , fine ... just do n't spend it here .
My stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel was wonderful ! I had a last minute business trip , in downtown Chicago , and this is the first place I looked at . I looked at the pictures they show online of the rooms , and the facility itself , and I simply fell in love with the place . The indoor pool , outdoor sun decks , massages , this place really has all you could possibly need , whether you 're on vacation , or needing a little stress relieved from a busy week . I mean they even have high speed wireless internet ! I would definitely recommend the Omni Chicago Hotel , if you want a great place to stay near Downtown Chicago !
What I thought was going to be a romantic Chicago Weekend turn out to be lackluster . The Swissotel Chicago per their website seem to tout itself as a luxury destination well much to my surprise it was not . First my reservation was messed up instead of getting `` the classic room with a view '' we were put in what I guess is their classic king . The view was nothing to write home about . When I called the front desk to complain about the situation I was told their was nothing they could do since the hotel was booked solid . I asked how could this happen when I got a confirmation ? The clerk simply said `` probably a glitch sorry is there anything else I can help you with ? '' At the point I hung up the phone as I knew our romantic weekend with a view was not going to happen . When we checked out I told a manager what happened and He said there was nothing we can do sorry '' I expected a little more customer service from them since they think of themselves as a luxury destination .
The Omni Chicago Hotel was a delight to stay in . The second you step into the place , it takes your breath away . It 's very modern with an antique twist . The rooms are spacious and comfortable . They are clean . Every member of the staff was courteous and polite . Proud of their place of work . Happy to be there . You do n't often see that . The room service was phenomenal . Visiting Chicago was amazing , and staying at the Omni Hotel made my visit that much better . The luxurious pools were an added plus as well . I also enjoyed the gym facilities . I will definitely be staying at the Omni Hotel on my next visit .
I really had high hopes for Homewood Suites when I stayed there on a week-long business trip last month . After all , considering their prices ( it 's technically a Hilton ) , you would expect something above and beyond a typical cut-rate bargain motel . I 'll start with the good stuff about the hotel : it 's in downtown . Now for the bad stuff : first , everyone is rude . I 'm not sure if management intentionally hires rude people or if the poisonous culture inside the hotel grinds otherwise decent people into cynical pulp . The bellboy scowled at me in the lobby , was rough with my luggage , and then scowled at me again when I tipped him $ 5 . Likewise , the receptionist seemed flustered and in over her head . She had to call her supervisor over *twice* just to check me in , and I had a reservation ! Apparently she was new , and did n't have much experience using the computer , but that 's no excuse : it turned what would have been a two-minute process at a decent hotel into 15 minutes of tedium . Sadly , the room was no better than the service . The hot water in the sink did not work , the shower was only lukewarm , and one of the bulbs was dead in the light fixture above the sink . Complimentary mood lighting , I guess . The TV was a bust ; sure it was an LCD , but the ESPN logo at the bottom right corner of the screen was burned in and stayed there on every channel . And to top it all off , the bed smelled funny . I called the front desk ( at least the phone worked ) , and asked for fresh sheets . The person I talked to said they 'd be right up , but never came . Eventually , I gave up . I woke up the next morning to back pain ( the bed was about as firm as a marshmallow ) . I left the room , and made my way through the chilly hallways to the `` complimentary buffet . '' Literally all the food was bad . Even the cereal tasted stale . Looking around , everyone in the dinning room appeared to be having a similar experience . The sight of two-dozen disappointed people sipping weak coffee and prodding watered-down scrambled eggs with plastic forks was a sight more becoming of a refugee camp than an expensive hotel . Just plain sad . Worst part was , it was the same thing for the next four days , too .
My husband and I recently stayed stayed at the Hilton Chicago and it was a horrible experience . When we arrived , the front desk clerk was on the phone on what sounded like a personal call and did n't even acknowledge us for at least five minutes . When we got to our room I went to lay on the bed and noticed a black hair on the pillow . I 'm am very paranoid about hotels being dirty , so I pulled back the sheets and moved all the pillows around and noticed several more hairs . I called for some new sheets which they said they would send right up but it actually took nearly 30 minutes . The second night we were there we decided to try the Irish pub in the hotel called Kitty O'Sheas because my husband loves pub food . We had the shepherd 's pie which was awful . It was watery and had no flavor and it was not cheap ! Our server seemed annoyed when we complained and did not offer it to be taken off the check . While we had a great trip to Chicago , the Hilton was definitely NOT a highlight of our trip . Overall , we had rude service , a dirty room and bad food . Spend your money elsewhere
Did not enjoy my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel . Firstly , the man at the front desk was extremely unhelpful . There was a problem with the reservation and he gave me and my family a lot of hassle . Secondly when we finally got the reservation sorted out , the air conditioning unit in our room would not go below 75 degrees . Considering I paid well over $ 250 per night for the Romance package reservation , it was below my standards and I will not be heading back to the Omni Chicago Hotel any time soon .
My husband and I stayed at the Omni after attending a wedding that took place there . We were delighted at the luxury of the rooms and the accomodations were wonderful . Everyone from the concierge to the housekeepers were friendly and professional . We were extremely pleased with the whole experience and look forward to our next trip to Chicago so we can stay there again . And , by the way , the wedding was absolutely gorgeous !
My husband and I recently visited the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel on one of his business trips . I sometimes go along with him to see new places and to splurge on a mini-vacation while he is hard at work ( do n't worry- he likes when I return with little `` souvenirs '' for him , too ) . Aside from the lovely city of Chicago , this hotel was just amazing ! We had gotten in quite late that evening from our flight from Houston and were so tired ! The staff was genuine and friendly , all while being professional and prompt . We were quickly checked in and before we knew it we were in our beautiful room . Too tired to really take it in , we were in bed and asleep in minutes . The beds were quite welcoming ! It was n't until the next morning that we were able to really take in all of the beautiful features of this hotel ! It 's gorgeous ! Everything was so clean and wonderfully decorated ! The lobby somehow did n't make it into our sleepy eyes the night before , but it was just lovely ! Later that evening we decided to eat at their sushi restaurant . Sushi is one of my husband 's favorites , so he tends to be picky . They passed the test according to him ! We also enjoyed a glass of wine there as well ... everything tasted great and was of excellent quality . Of our two night stay there , the only downfall was one occasion of there not being enough towels ( I use a lot of towels I suppose ) . However , a simple phone called prompted a quick delivery of fluffy additional ones . This however was only a minor bump in the road to an entirely enjoyable and relaxing stay ! Overall -- we 'd love to go there again ! Maybe next time I can talk my husband into taking advantage of the spa ... *wink*
The Talbott Hotel is a place to stay where the staff treat you like you are not welcome . If you do not pay higher prices you are snubbed and the rooms are no classier or fancier than a standard motel . The room service takes over an hour and there is constant traffic and construction outside . The cost is far more than the luxury . The best thing about staying at this hotel are the bathroom towels .
My husband and I stayed at this hotel the weekend of Sept. 17-18 , 2011 . When we were planning our vacation , we were impressed with the hotel . The exterior is very lovely and we looked forward to enjoying the view from our room . We first started to wonder if we 'd made the right choice when there was no one waiting to help us with our bags . We had to carry our luggage up to our room ourselves as the hotel was in the middle of a shift change . This seems like something a supposedly `` world class '' hotel should be able to avoid . The good : Our room did have a nice view and when I sat down on the bed it was like sitting on a cloud . The shower was very pleasant . The bad : The room was very small and the bed was not the King size we had requested . We felt very cramped and uncomfortable throughout our stay . We have stayed at less luxurious hotels that were much more spacious and able to provide us with the requested size bed . The restaurant options were acceptable , although the service was not as excellent as described . Perhaps we expected a miracle that would 've changed our minds about the hotel . We were so disappointed by the room and the service at check-in the rest of the weekend was somewhat tainted . We usually enjoy partaking of room service , but we decided after a sub par first day we would eat out for the rest of the weekend . Next time , we will look into other hotels in the Chicago area .
This was my first time staying at the Hard Rock hotel in Chicago and I have nothing but hate for the entire experience . The building itself is maintained , however the staff is rude and inept to the point of making their customers feel physically ill. And while the outside appearance is fine and dandy , my room 325 , was repulsive . As soon as the bellboy threw my luggage onto the room 's ground and verbally demanded a tip , I noticed insects of all kinds scurrying around , the room was pungent with what smelled like human excrement , before I could say anything to the bellboy he had taken his tip and fled . Immediately I went to the front desk and was made to wait for over a half hour , a complete waste of time , because as soon as I had reported my problem I was told that no other rooms were available and I would have to make do , they did however say I could stay the night free of charge . The next morning as I was set to leave I decided I would try the breakfast , in hopes of finding one redeeming quality . Let me tell you , that breakfast tasted like space food with dirt and mold , the worst breakfast I have ever had in my entire life . Overall the employees are arrogant and callous , with the work ethic of a 2 year old child , they can not cook , the room for me was poorly maintained , however they are good at refunding your money .
The Ambassador East Hotel is a terrible place to stay . All of the rooms are old and dirty as though they have n't been cleaned or remodeled for years . The hotel staff is not friendly or accomodating . Do not waste your money in this crappy old hotel full of rude employees .
When my sister got married last summer , our stay at the Sheraton Hotel was delightful ! Billy and the kids and I were exhausted after the long flight from San Francisco , so it 's a good thing that we found the perfect place to relax ! The kids ADORED the indoor pool , Billy could n't stop talking about the beautiful jogging path , and I even pampered myself by taking advantage of the massage therapy before the big day . The reception dinner at Shula 's Steakhouse was fun and delicious . I would definitely recommend this hotel to any one who is in Chicago for an extended visit !
Great Hotel ! The staff is friendly , corteous , and professional . They made me feel like I was a returning guest which I was not ( but I will be ! ) . The rooms were very clean and I slept well in the comfy bed . They have a complimentary workout deal with the nearby healthclub that I took advantage of several times since it was to cold to run outside . My only issue was the battery for the TV remote died . However , a call to the front desk remedied that situation in about 2 minutes ! 5 stars ! ! !
This is a beautiful hotel inside and outside . The rooms were very comfortable and clean . The hotel made my experience of visiting this city even more wonderful , I highly recommend this to anyone .
The James Chicago hotel was one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in . The only good thing about it was that it was located downtown , so I was n't forced to stay in it any longer than I had to . The receptionist was rude and snobby , my room had dirty towels in it , and i found numerous small insects in my room . Furthermore , the gym and spa were closed while I was there . Nothing was done by management to accommodate me for these inconveniences . Next time I will take my business elsewhere .
My wife and I went to Chicago to enjoy our weekend and stayed at Hyatt Regency . 'Hyatt Regency Chicago ' has ruined our family holiday weekend . First of all , if you are not a diamond or platinum member , you need to reserve the room atleast 10-15 days in advance . You have to pay extra $ 20 for the welcome credit option . They will give you a credit of $ 75 for the 2 days . We only used $ 20 and the rest was forefeited . I talked to the manager and he said we ca n't use it on our next visit . The management of the hotel is full of cheap minded people . When you know most of the hotels let you use their wi-fi for free , Hyatt Regency management asked us to pay for using their wi-fi . Beware of this place , if you want to enjoy your weekend in Chicago , Hyatt Regency should be the last place you should consider staying . Thanks Sam .
During my recent stay at the Hyatt Regency Chicago , I was severely disappointed in the quality of the facility and its staff . To start off , the rooms did not provide an adequate sound barrier between rooms . Hoping to spend a quiet evening after a long day of business meetings , I had hoped to spend a quiet night in . My neighbors , however , watching what I can only imagine was a Real House Wives of New Jersey marathon on full volume , destroyed my chance for peaceful ambiance . When I asked the concierge to address the issue , he seemed more concerned about his texting than doing his job . As I visited the gym , I found their `` state-of-the-art '' StayFitTM gym consisted in nothing more than a couple of treadmills , weights and yoga mats . The water in the cooler was quite warm , and the workout towels were stained and tattered . Finally , all the hypo-allergenic features touted on their website were rendered null by the presence of dust balls under the beds .
Though grand and having a brand , this hotel seems to disappoint me on certain fronts . 1 . Staff seemed snooty and arrogant . 2 . Request for upgrade was fulfilled only after repetitive requests.The initial room was very small . 3. for the cost paid I would expect a coffee maker , free internet service at the least which even regular B & Bs offer . 4.They will levy charges on each and everything.Complete rip off Other things matched the Grandeur.Cleanliness and location was good , but the staff made my stay unpleasant .
Although much too overpriced in my opinion , the hotel is spotless . The staff was very courteous . And the spa service ? Was a God send ! In a relatively flexible location for traveling for sight seeing so I didnt spend major bucks trying to get around the city ! LOVE IT ! Going back for my anniversary
The Hilton Hotel helped us make the most of our trip to Chicago . Not only are they centrally located near most of Chi towns hot spots , but they also helped coordinate discounted admissions to various other attractions . The Hilton is very classy with their accommodations . I will be returning at my earliest convenience , be it for business or pleasure .
The InterContinental Chicago Hotel is one of the finest hotels I have stayed at in a long time . The atmosphere upon arrival was one of elegance and beauty . The staff welcomed us and catered to our every need . The rooms were plush and very romantic . Interior decor was breathtaking . It is definitely above a 4 star rating and I would not think twice about coming back here . It received my highest recommendation .
If you want a 5-star hotel with 1-star service , make sure you book your next Chicago stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park . When I checked in to the hotel , I had to wait at the desk for over ten minutes with no line . I was greeted with no `` thank you for your patience , '' or anything similar . The room was fine , but nothing too glamorous or outstanding . The internet cost $ 14.95/day which is outrageous considering the price of the hotel itself . The thing that pushed me over the edge , however , was the valet parking . When I wanted my car in the morning , I had to wait 15 minutes to be acknowledged ( the valets were talking to each other and ignoring me altogether ) . And for this `` service '' I was charged $ 51.00/night ! ! ! ! When I went to complain at the front desk , they just said that sometimes the valets get overwhelmed , and you have to exercise patience ! I will exercise patience as I check out of this hotel ! ! !
After staying at the James Chicago last weekend I can honestly say I will be going for affordability on my next trip . The James Chicago is terribly overpriced and the staff was very cold and disconnected . The chairs in the room looked like something out of Ikea . I love Chicago but this hotel is definitely not one of its better places to stay . I believe I would have been better off and happier staying at the Holiday Inn . You do n't always get what you pay for .
A recent stay at the James Hotel-Chicago , revealed the the recent updating at this hotel was a facelift only . Although the rooms and public areas look nice , the hotel still needs serious work . Our first room was not clean when we arrived and this non-smoking room had a serious odor of cigarette smoke . We asked for a new room which was clean and odor free . We had to involve the Manager before our request was granted . The new room was better at first glance , but was severely lacking . We could not get the temperature properly regulated . The room was always either too hot or too cold for our two night stay . In a hotel commanding the rates of the James , we expect the room temperature to be a comfort which is taken for granted , not something which is a constant battle . Our mattress was horribly uncomfortable . When the rooms were updated , the James skipped new mattresses . Ours was worn to the point of having indentations you ca n't get out of -- when you lie down , you sort of sink into a hole . This matter of basic comfort should not be an issue in a 'luxury ' hotel . Last , but not least , we found the hotel to be loud at almost all times during our stay . In spite of the calming decor , the noise level was raucous and not at all conducive to a good night 's sleep . All in all , we were unhappy with our accommodations at the James Chicago and would recommend you avoid the hotel even though it is in a convenient location . You will be happier almost anywhere else .
We really enjoyed our stay ! It is a beautiful hotel and the entire staff is helpful and polite . They had great suggestions on where to eat , what to do , etc . We were within walking distance of many great Chicago locations like the Navy Pier and Art Institute . The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable , I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great home away from home in Chicago .
amazing and beautiful ! i stayed two nights here and the room was immaculate . All of the staff were extremely nice and welcoming . The food was delicious and fixed to perfection . The entire hotel was clean , warm and inviting . Will definitely stay here again and recommend to any of my friends traveling to the area .
Do n't ever stay at this hotel ! , Conrad Chicago is the worst hotel you can imagine . First of all , THE PRICE ! you not get what you pay for . I paid & 217.50 one night for a room that did not even had a TV ! ! that 's ridiculous ! The bathroom did not work , and it was nasty ! the bed sheets seemed like used , as if some people slept there and they smelled bad ! After my experience with Conrad Chicago , I will please ask you to reconsider getting a room in this hotel . You get better service and accommodations even in a 1 star motel !
I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel a couple of weeks ago while in Chicago for 3 nights . I must say , I was NOT impressed . This is an example of a hotel that tries too hard with little result except for inflating your bill . To start with , the hotel lobby was totally gaudy . It had sculptures and artwork that seemed meaningless and I guess was supposed to give an air of style . The room was ok I suppose , but certainly not worth the premium price I paid for it . The hotel food was presented like it was some kind of amazing French cuisine , but the food , while arranged nicely , tasted unremarkable and again , was overpriced . My final verdict is avoid this hotel if at all possible . It is simply not worth it .
This hotel is absolutely amazing . I have paid to stay in Hotels that cost an arm and a leg only to get crappy service in return . However , here it 's comfortable , friendly , and a vacation . In fact , all vacations start with your lodging , and how can you have a good vacation with poor lodging ? The beds are comfortable , clean , and upscale , while still being homey enough to be relaxed . The services and staff are tops , and the view from the rooms is absolutely gorgeous ! And I must commend the cleanliness ! Nice place to stay , and worth every penny ! Will definitely be coming back !
After a recent stay at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago , I left the city with an empty pocket book . I had booked a package deal online and although the service was absolutely terrific , i did n't realize some of the amenities i was paying for included personalized key cards and room service menus . I could have done with out my room key having my name printed across it as well as the menu . When did my name printed on things become an extra amenity that cost so much money ? I basically felt overcharged for the so called 'extras ' included in the package i purchased . One other thing , the traffic was pretty horrible and checking in seems like it could have somehow been made simpler .
I had a great experience staying at the Conrad Chicago , the service was top notch , the price was good , but out of everything the service was outstanding . I would definitely stay there again when in the area and would suggest it to anyone looking for a good quality hotel in a great location . Right next to the shops at North Bridge !
We decided to spend a little extra to stay at this hotel while visiting our son in Chicago . Wo n't make that mistake again . The rooms are smaller than they appear on the web ( creative photography ) and the place is dirty.We 've stayed at Best Westerns that are cleaner ! The air conditioner is super loud ... and the walls are paper thin . The people in the next room must have been having a party and despite three calls to the front desk between 1 and 3 a.m. , Security failed to stop the ruckus . Also thought the front desk staff was rude . Usually in Hyatts , Hiltons , etc. , the staff is polite and tries to be accommodating . These people were n't particularly personable ... we seemed to be an interruption of their work rather than the reason for it . The only positive about the hotel was the location -- but that does n't make up for the negative experience . Save some money and stay somewhere else !
Dissapointed with my stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park . When I looked at its web site I was convinced this was going to be the perfect place for my family and I to spend time in , when not gazing the `` sites '' in Chicago . Boy was I wrong , When I first arrived to check in there was no one insight at the desk . Finally , after about 20 minutes , I was approached with no apology for my wait . While trying to check in they told me there was a mixup and the room I originally requested was occupied , I was given a less spacious room , one bed for my wife and I to share with the kids , and was told they would voucher my meals that day . My wife and I love sushi so we figured we use it on that . When we were done not only was the quality of the food mediocre but they told us the voucher would not work for the sushi bar . Worst display of customer service I have ever received and will never stay there again .
I was visiting Chicago for a christening with my fiance . I was impressed with this hotel from the moment I checked in . The lobby was exceptionally modern with color and furnishings . Front desk staff was pleasant and helpful , especially Susan , who quickly suggested and reserved a table for us at Keefer 's Steakhouse for a late dinner . The room itself was fabulous . Extremely comfortable King sized bed , dual head shower , breathtakingly beautiful views of the city , I could n't ask for more . After a great nights sleep we awoke to a great FREE breakfast right outside our room ! Next we enjoyed a couple 's massage and I was treated to a facial as my fiance took a short run through the city . After a day full of shopping we retired to our room and ordered room service that was on time and delicious . Unfortunately we checked out the next day , because I could have stayed there forever . I fully recommend the Amalfi Hotel Chicago for everyone interested in a superior stay . It is truly a beautiful and well appointed hotel .
I recently had the displeasure of staying at the Conrad Chicago . Although the hotel came with some recommendations from various online websites , my experience was anything but pleasent . First of all , they tell you that check in time is at 3pm . Well I arrived at the hotel at 3:30pm and checked in only to discover that my room was not ready . After waiting for nearly an hour for the room to be ready , I decided to go settle in . The carpets in the room smelled old and musty . Additionally , the bathroom was not in the the cleanest of states and there were numerous noticeable chips , scratches , and dents in the furniture . Although the bed was comfortable , I just could n't get over the musty smell coming from the carpet . It was very difficult to get the air conditioning to set a comfortable temperature and I did not have a very good nights sleep . All in all , my experience was not the worst I 've ever had , but far from anything worth writing home about .
The InterContinental Chicago hotel terrible . First of all , the continental breakfast was a joke . The food was unhealthy and unsatisfactory . After our first night , we expected the maid to come clean up our room . We came back from site-seeing to find that our room was in the same condition we left it in . I will never go back to this hotel again .
great hotel . went for the weekend with my wife and had a wonderful time . The hotel is one of the cleanest well kept hotels i have stayed at . Beautifull location on michigan ave downtown chicago overlooking grant park beautifull scenery . Great staff and wonderfull food as well , i would recomend this hotel for anyone who is looking for a nice vacation or going for work .
My stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Hotel was a short one ; although , it was intended to be for five days , it only last two . When me and my husband arrived we were met by a valet who knicked our Mercedez . The clerk/concierge was on his phone for nearly 5 FULL minutes before he noticed that we were standing in front of him . When we checked in , we lugged all of our luggage upstairs to our room to find that someone was already in it . We then returned to Lobby , and to our dismay , the hotel had Double Booked the room ! After another 30 minutes of haggling and whatnot we were able to be moved to a `` better '' room . The bed was unbearable , the shower looked like it hadnt been cleaned properly and the room smelled of cigarrettes ( although it was supposedly a non-smoking room ) . Too tired and jet lagged to complain we went to sleep . However , it was hard for us to do so because voices could be heard all thoughout the night due to the paper thin walls of the room . I needed an Ambien to go to sleep . I woke up with backaches , the continental breakfast had me in the bathroom most of the day , and the maids conveniently forgot to clean our room . Me and my husband had had enough and decided to go to the Hyatt .
We were hungry and tired when we checked into the Chicago Sheraton . The nice clerk at the front desk got us checked in efficiently and with a warm smile . He made us dinner reservations at Shula 's ( giving us time to shower and change ) and arranged for a bellhop to take our bags up to the room for us - what service ! ! We enjoyed our steaks and the bottle of wine that was recommended by the waiter at Shula 's - truly a lovely meal . When we returned to our room we were delighted to find that the towels had been replenished and the bed turned down ! We enjoyed the view from our room before turning in and having a very restful night 's sleep in an incredibly comfortable bed . KUDOS to the Chicago Sheraton for getting everything just right !
For a hotel rated with four diamonds by AAA , one would think the Hilton Chicago would be almost like staying at a palace with royalty . The only royal thing about this hotel however is that it was a royal nightmare . I should have known from the moment I walked in with my wife that this was going to become a bigger headache than what it was worth . First off , as soon as we arrived to check in at the hotel with the clerk who could n't be any older than nineteen or twenty , red flags started going up . The clerk was extremely rude and lazy , acting like it was a chore even getting up from texting on his cell phone . If that was n't bad enough , the clerk pretty much ignored me while blatantly staring at my wife 's breasts . She was n't even wearing anything that could be considered skimpy as it was cold out and she was wearing a turtle neck sweater under a large fur lined coat . After diverting his atention several times we finally got our room keys . It should n't have been any surprise when we learned that there were no one to help us with our luggage as the clerk said they were all out on break . Okay , that was annoying , but we managed easy enough . We finally got to the third floor where our suite had been reserved for over a month and we looked forward to resting after our long trip . To our surprise , not to mention our disgust and horror , their was already a couple in what was supposed to be our room on the bed making out . It took almost a half hour between the couple in the room , the front desk , and my wife and me to get it straightened out . Apparently the night clerk did n't bother following policy as they had taken our reservation off the computer to give to their friends while leaving the printed card for the day clerk . After what could only be described as chaos , we were finally given another room on the next floor up . We were thankful when we got to it and my wife went to use the bathroom while I dropped our luggage by the beds . Hearing a clinking sound I bent down to look what one of the bags could have hit to see an empty beer bottle sticking out from under the bed . I was about to call back down to give the clerk a piece of my mind when I heard my wife cry out . There on the wall of the bathroom were several roaches crawling around and I noticed something else in the sink that almost made us leave then and there . There , in the sink and in very plain sight , was a used condom ! So far we were less than thrilled about being there and we stomred back downstairs and demanded our money back . By then the desk manager had returned from where ever she went off to and talked us into taking another room , free of charge to make up for our troubles . The room itself was thankfully clean with no bugs and no trash or any other disgusting items laying around . Despite being a lot smaller and not having the promised view that our other room should have had , we decided to make due . So while my wife went to get cleaned up after our long trip I pulled my laptop out to use the so called high speed internet access . I should n't have even bothered as I 've used dial up that went at least three times as fast as the speeds I was getting . With a quick call to the desk I was informed the person responsible for the internet was gone for the day and there was nothing that could be done for the moment . So instead of worrying about it , we went to get something to eat from the the onsite dinning area . Yet again we were met with rude people who either stared at my wife 's chest or forgot half of our order . After arguing with them for what seemed like forever over not getting everything , we found that our found was not only bland , it was cold ! We did n't even bother trying anything else , that was the final straw so we got our things and found another hotel . I do n't know who would hire a bunch or rude employees who was barely out of high school or who could n't clean a room , but I know that that hotel did n't deserve four diamonds unless it was in the negative . That place should be shut down because there is no way they know how to run a decent hotel .
I recently stayed in a room at the trendy Talbott Hotel . It looked nice on the outside so I decided to them a whirl . As soon as I walked in I noticed that there were n't alot of hotel employees . Usually , the large hotel are swarming with service people ready to lend a hand . I was tired and I needed a nice room so as I approached the front desk I noticed something odd . Food was sitting out right in front of the front desk . People were talking different items such as bagels and muffins from the left over breakfast rush . Crumbs everywhere especially where I was suppose to exchange cash and room keys . Let 's just say it was n't professional . The room was average and the bathroom did n't carry the kinds of brands I would have liked to see . No Wi-Fi connection and I had to walk down the hall for ice . Talk about lack of customer service . All in all , the stay was sub-par and nothing special .
Recently stayed at the InterContinental Chicago Magnificent Mile and was a little underwhelmed . It 's convenient location did not compensate for the fact that the property is very old and definitely in need of some updating and renovating . There is a definite need for some noise control -- everything and everybody could be heard from inside the room . Hearing the plumbing from other guests ' rooms was particularly annoying . The fitness facilities are really hyped but unfortunately they were not free to use ( at least it was n't included with my booking choice ) . Parking was pretty expensive so if you really do n't need it , do n't use it . Overall , just dissappointed that the great location was n't matched with great accommodations .
While travelling for business I had my family join me and we stayed at the Fairmont Chicago , Millennium Park . It is breathtakingly beautiful and plush . The rates for rooms , though not the cheapest choice are quite reasonable for such fabulous amenities . The room decor is elegant modern and my wife says the spa is divine ! Guests of this hotel are able to live in luxury - every room is equipped with complementary coffee , access to high speed internet , bathrobes , and 42 inch flat screen televisions . Enjoy the gorgeous city views and live the good life at the Fairmont Chicago , Millennium Park .
I recently traveled up to Chicago for business and had a terrific 3 day 2 night stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower in downtown . The location was perfect as it gave me easy access to Michigan Avenue and the conference center where I was doing business . My hotel room was rather nice with a very comfortable king size bed and a cozy atmosphere . I ordered room service for dinner and it came within 30 minutes so I was quite pleased with that and they serve from their own restaurant which is located downstairs . The food was extremely good and I really enjoyed not having to go out and fight the traffic to find a good place to eat . I had been really tired from my meeting earlier in the day and had no trouble going to bed on the comfortable mattress . I woke up and took a shower and the bathroom was definitely up to standard with any other quality hotel . They had all the soaps and stuff as usual and they had plenty of towels on hand as well . After shower I headed down and they had a breakfast buffet at the restaurant which was free for hotel guests . The breakfast was delicious and started my day out right . After my business stuff was over I really got out and enjoyed Chicago . I met up with a friend who came over and visited my hotel and she was quite impressed with it as well . When I go back to Chicago I will definitely stay at the Sofitel again .
My Family and I went to this hotel on holiday last month . It was a very bad hotel . When we got there we imediatly checked in and went up to our room . The view from the window was a brick wall . Really ? We even asked the Lasy at the front desk , but she said they could n't put us in a room with a view cause we did n't book one and we could n't upgrade . Also , My Wife is a light sleeper and the trains kept her up at night . Another thing is alot of ads boast a hot tub in all the rooms but this is not true , our room only had a normal tub . But , the tub had no stopper , so we could only take showers . The room was also very small compared to other hotels with around the same prices .
We stayed in the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago in a standard guest room . The rooms had just been renovated , but the changes did not make much of a difference . The room was so small , it felt like we were sleeping below deck on a boat . The decor was drab and there was nothing special about the room . We were excited about the bathrobe and slippers that came with the room , but we assumed there would be a bathrobe and a pair of slippers for each of us ; there was only one bathrobe and one pair of slippers . We called the front desk to ask for a second set and were treated like we were trying to scam the hotel and refused to send them . It would not have mattered if they sent a second set ; the bathrobe was so scratchy it gave me a rash and there were stains on the slippers . As hotel guests , we expected to be treated with respect and enjoy the stay we paid for . We were severely disappointed .
I stayed in the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago last week , and I was extremely disappointed with my experience . The breakfast buffet was minimal and did not seem to be frequently restocked . I came downstairs about 30 minutes before the end of the breakfast period to find about half of the food options completely depleted . Also , the milk provided for the coffee and cereals was warm , having been kept out on the counter . I would have been better off bringing my own food ! Also , the layout of the rooms is extremely awkward . I had to move the furniture around to be able to watch TV , and then move it back before I could make dinner or comfortably use the room in other ways . I could barely close the door to the bedroom past the corner of the bed . It just was n't what I would expect from a Hilton-brand hotel suite .
I was completely unfamiliar with Chicago but needed a place to stay while my husband worked there for a few days and we picked the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers based solely on their internet site . Wow did I get lucky ! This is a beautiful hotel with all of amenities I could have hoped for , terrific food , and within walking distance of several interesting places , including the Art Institute of Chicago . Ashley , at the concierge desk , was particularly helpful at guiding a Chicago newbie to the best places to eat ands to see . I will heartily recommend the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers .
I would first like to say how inviting the rooms themselves are . For my wife and I , we enjoy the warmer colors . Cleanliness along with excellent staff , made me feel away from home yet relaxed . Being right Downtown was perfect for location . The suites are very quiet as well . I surprised my wife with the `` Shopping Package '' . What a hit ! Thanks Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown ! !
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was an awesome place to stay . Nothing bad about it . It was a great value . The beds were comfortable , the rooms were nice and open , and the pool was great . Food was GREAT ! My family and I loved staying here ! Would recommend to everyone I know .
Recently staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel , was a waste of money . The rooms are typical standard rooms , ( unless you want to pay an unreasonable amount for one of the premier rooms ) , the service from the staff was nothing to rave about unless , your ideal , idea of service is waiting in the lobby for 40 minutes waiting for anybody to help you carry your heavy luggage up to your room . Sorry to say in short I think my money would have been better spent staying at a HoJo 's .
I enjoyed my stay at the Talbott Hotel . It is on the more expensive side , but it is all worth it . I got the Talbott tradition package , which was $ 245 for two people and included a $ 30 breakfast credit on check out day . The rooms are huge ! The beds are soft and comfortable . They include Aveda bath products , which is a plus in my book . They also have a nice fitness area & pool you can use while you stay there . One thing I thought was really cool is that you can forward your messages from your hotel room phone to your cell phone . My boyfriend also liked the Ihome audio system . The location of this hotel is very convenient as well , its close to several great restaurants and blocks from the coast . But , what I like best about this hotel is that they make an honest effort to not negatively impact the environment more than they need to . They were one of the first hotels to be Green Sealed . Overall I had a great stay at Talbott Hotel !
For starters , I had trouble reaching the front desk . Every time I called it would ring endlessly ! When finally I did reach someone , she was snooty , impolite , and altogether unhelpful . Being from the south and not knowing anything about Chicago I was hoping the staff would have been more helpful in guiding me around such a large metropolitan area . As I was there on business , I was really looking forward to the Wi-Fi access so that my business activity would go uninterrupted . Unfortunately , this was not the case . After multiple log in attempts I ended up going to a local `` internet bar . '' As attractive as the rooms and the hotel itself were , the complete and utter lack of service and delivering up to expectations was disappointing .
I had to write this review ! My tired body walked through the doors of The Fairmont . It felt like I walked through heaven 's gates , the lobby was majestic and the staff was so friendly , that I was instantly energized . The front desk staff was very helpful and quick to find my reservation and get my bags up to my room . They were so nice to inform me of the health club and spa..oh those wonderful spa treatments that are offered are incredible , I took advantage of a soothing pedicure during my visit ( my very first ) as well as a massage . I was amazed at the size of the meeting/conference room that we used for an afternoon . The room was so clean and the bed was better than the one at home . The food downstairs in the restaurant smelled so good that as tired as I was after the meeting , instead of room service , I went in , and the food was mouth watering delicious , and the wait staff was very hospitable They take great pride in everything , even the wake up call was friendly . My stay was so great , that I want to go back again soon !
I frequently have business meetings in Downtown Chicago and find that the Hotel Monaco Chicago , gives me the peace of mind to make those meetings enjoyable . While it might be more expensive than your average hotel ... .but there is nothing average in this hotel . Exceeds any expectations - service , food , quality , atmosphere were heads above anywhere . Thanks for making my trips to Chicago - the best of the best .
After considering several hotels in the area , my family and I finally decided , unfortunately , on Homewood Suites , for our long weekend vacation . Overall , the experience left much to be desired . The breakfast buffet consisted of cold scrambled eggs and greasy pastries . The linens on one of our beds seemed dirty , and when I told the hotel staff and asked them to be replaced , the woman rolled her eyes and had a very unprofessional attitude . I would not come back here ever .
This hotel was full of drunks . The lobby was full of crowds at night and the bar was way too busy . There were people stumbling all over the hotel at all hours of the night , yelling in the hallways , making lots of noise . The staff had little to say . I was n't aware of the noise level when I booked the room and when I threatened to make other reservations , the people in the lobby had nothing to say . We asked for a water view and got a city view . Again , the people at the front desk were n't accomodating at all . Overall , we had a horrible experience .
I expected a bit more from the Hyatt Regency Chicago I stayed at recently . I was appalled of the conditions of the room we stayed in . The linens were not clean , the toilet paper roll was nearly empty with no spare left , and there was a lock on the door that did n't function . The turndown service left me no chocolate on my pillow and I think they took a few more pieces of the already nearly empty toilet paper , again with out leaving a spare . I would not stay there again . Traveler beware ! !
Although the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago claims to be an affordable upscale hotel in the heart of Chicago , it is somewhat expensive , starting at $ 200 per night . There are very few special discount rates available for the budget conscious traveler . The rooms are modern looking and a little less cozy than one might prefer . The carpeting in the rooms is a little outdated and somewhat dirty in a few areas . The views from the rooms are not as great as they could be . The hotel seems to be understaffed and the heating unit in the room is hard to adjust to the right temperature . Although the hotel is located on Chicago 's famous Michigan Avenue , it is a $ 40 taxi ride from O'Hare airport and a $ 36 taxi ride from Midway airport , both rather pricey options . If you chose to drive there , the valet parking charge is a hefty $ 53 . Again , not very budget friendly . All in all , even though the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago is close to some of the major Chicago attractions , it is only an average hotel on many levels .
My husband and I made a reservation at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers , for a much needed weekend getaway . We took off work early Friday to beat traffic . Once at the hotel we quickly found out that there was not ample parking . We drove around several times looking for a space and had to park in an adjoining lot and walk across a busy side street to gain access to the hotel . Upon checking in we were informed that the floor , where our room was located , was in the process of having the carpets cleaned . We decided since we prepaid with our credit card that we were going to make the best of the situation . We took the elevator , which smelled like urine , up to our room . We did see some carpet cleaning machines , unattended , in the hallway . I hoped for the sake of safety , no children were staying on this floor . We walked into our room and my first thought was how much humidity was in the room and it seems one of the guest used the microwave to heat up some sort of spicy curry cusine . The overwhelming scent of burnt curry mixed with the chemical smell of the carpet shampoo were too much for us . We called the desk manager and asked if we could change rooms . He rudely informed us that the hotel was completely booked due to several weddings . Just then , the roar of the carpet cleaning machine came through the walls and I could not hear anything else my husband said . We decided to get a refund on our card and leave the hotel . It was an awful experience .
Our visit started off on the wrong foot when we entered the lobby struggling to carry all of our luggage and , instead of helping , a group of hotel employees stood watching and laughing at us . They had trouble locating our reservation . Our room was tiny ! When I 'm paying over $ 400 a night for a room , I expect to be able to walk around in it ! The beds were also tiny . The walls were thin and we could hear our neighbors talking next door . This hotel was probably once beautiful and classy , but now it seems to be outdated and due for repairs . Wo n't be staying here again .
The Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel has seen better days . I had fond memories of staying there when it was considered the finest hotel . I booked a room to celebrate a special occasion and found a highly-priced , not so great property . I had to look at five suites before I found one where the upholstered furniture was to my liking , some of the other rooms carpet was not clean , the refrigerator was dripping water , and the balcony was littered with cigarette butts . I finally settled for a room , only because the bellman was friendly and apologetic but as over priced as it was I should have turned around and walked out . I sent a letter to the management when I returned home , but it had been a month and I never received an answer . There are plenty of other places to spend your money . Do n't leave it at this hotel .
I booked my room at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers somewhat reluctantly ; I was not enthusiastic about spending over $ 200 on this room after seeing the lackluster photos on their website . I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived that the lobby did not look as stuffy as it did online . Unfortunately , my hopes were dashed once again when I arrived at my room . I say 'at ' because after discovering my newly issued key was not working , I had to wait ten minutes before someone finally came to let me in . The room was painfully small -- if I did n't know better I would have thought I was staying at a Red Roof Inn ! The `` sweet sleeper bed '' had stiff and scratchy sheets , with a cheap-motel-thin coverlet . The disappointment continued after I entered the bathroom and found that it not only reeked of smoke , but also outfitted with the cheapest trimmings possible . I stayed my two nights , and was surprised to find out that all sorts of other charges were added to my room ( for which I was not responsible ) , charged on demand movies , an empty mini bar , AND for smoking in the bathroom . HAH ! I have stopped payment on my credit card , and most certainly will not be submitting myself to this horrific experience again .
I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago hotel for a business meeting and had an absolutely horrible experience . When i arrived , exhausted after a series of delayed flights , I was told that my room was not ready . Not ready at 5pm , are you kidding me ! After waiting in the lobby for 30 minutes I was finally called over to the desk only to be told my king room was changed to a room with two queen beds , fine , whatever . I get up to my room and unload all of my bags only to find my a/c does n't work . I call down to the desk and the clerk tells me that they are sold out and there is no where to move me but she could discount my rooms $ 20 . No apology . Nothing . Im exhausted and deal with my 80+ degree room . When I went to check out the next morning I find out no one even bothered to apply the discount . Again , no apology . I have never received such poor customer service in my life and will not be comming back .
The windy city fairmont hotel is one of chicago 's best recently renovated to bring it up to modern day luxury . With fine dining atmosphere and hotel deluxe suites and the view that is breath taking . This hotel can accommodate the guest no matter what you desire . with a fabulous restaurant on the 15Th floor with dinning at its best . With it over looking the great Chicago area . So the next time your in the windy city come and stay with us where you will be pamper by our fine staff .
I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers for three days while I was in Chicago on business . This was quite possibly the best hotel experience that I have ever had , which says a lot considering the fact that I stay in hotels quite frequently . The staff was extremely friendly and very accommodating . They made sure that I had absolutely everything that I could want or need . Their friendliness came across in a very genuine manner , not fake or forced like some employees can be . The room itself was to die for . The bedding was so soft and the room was extremely clean and well kept . I can not speak highly enough about the quality of the mattress and bedding ! Because of the mattress and bedding , I got the best three nights of sleep I 've ever had . The views of downtown Chicago were absolutely amazing from my room . The way the city lights sparkled stole my heart and almost made me want to move to Chicago . The food was amazing also . I made it a point to eat at all three of the hotel 's restaurants and visit the bar while I was there . My favorite restaurant of the three was Shula 's Steak House . The Chi Bar , the hotel 's bar , was amazingly designed and the drinks were great . All in all , i would rate my experience a 5 out of 5 . There is nowhere else in downtown Chicago that compares to the Sheraton .
Hyatt Regency Chicago seemed like a nice place to stay , but we did n't like it very much . The renovations were cheap and poorly done ( our bathroom faucet was leaky and the carpet had bumps in it . ) The staff was RUDE ! I was trying to find a good cab service , and the guy behind the front desk made me wait for 20 minutes while he was finishing a phone call ! Could n't he have at least called someone else to help me ? The `` Babies Travel Lite '' gave us the wrong sized diapers , so we had to go find some anyway , and with the hotel being located in the heart of the city that meant we found some unsavory characters along the way .
This hotel was incredible ! Have n't had a better stay in a hotel in my life . I will definitely come here again next time I am in Chicago ! The rooms were so elegant , with their modern color schemes . The staff members were friendly and willing to lend a hand . The beds were surprisingly comfortable , with interesting covers . The TVs were HD , which was a step up from most hotels i have stayed at before . There was a cool martini bar that I spent an hour at one night , which was enjoyable , especially because of the live jazz band
I arrived at the hotel 15 minutes prior to check in time as they recommend . When I get there I noticed that there is a couple and two other people waiting in line to check in . Ten minutes later after standing there with my suitcase , the woman at the front desk informs us that their computers are down due to a recent update to the software . She told us to wait until the computers booted back up . I asked if I could drop my suitcase off at the room and she said no because they need to electronically activate the cards and with the computers down they could n't activate the cards . Finally another 20 minutes later the computers were up and I finally got my room . Wheres the `` luxury '' in waiting 35 minutes for a room ? They also need to change the name of the hotel because their service did not leave me `` allegro . ''
I was really excited when we booked a night at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago . It was actually beyond our budget , but my husband and I needed a weekend away , so I decided to splurge for the occasion . WORST WASTE OF MY MONEY EVER ! ! ! Our room was smaller than pictured online , and it looked like the maid did n't vacuum the carpet ! We visited the hotel restaurant , Angels and Kings , one night for dinner and the drinks were overpriced and my husband 's steak was cooked wrong ( he ordered medium , but received a well-done steak ) . By the end of our trip we were so glad to leave , but they were under-staffed and the Sunday morning checkout line was so long that we waited in line for 30 minutes until we could check out . Chicago was a fun city , but next time we return I 'll be choosing a different hotel - and I suggest you do too ! !
This hotel is great ! I love its interior design of the room . Customer service is excellent ! And its gym and spa are gorgeous . If you need to go to Chicago , this hotel would be your best choice ! You can also check its website for the special offer , I found a great deal on it !
We stayed at the beautiful Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel located in scenic downtown Chicago . It was close to shopping , local attractions like the Shedd Aquarium and even the Navy Pier . The hotels featured luxurious amenities like a ball room and in room massages , which I took advantage of as any woman ( or man ) should ! A continental breakfast is available for a nominal fee , unless purchased with a package deal , in their own upscale restaurant , Nix ! We would definitely book a suite there again and highly recommend this hotel to all our friends and family !
The Downtown Chicago Hilton was the best combination of all the things we were looking for in a hotel- perfect location for both those of us who like shopping and those of us who prefer tourist attractions . Staying with a Hilton means the essentials are never a concern- as always , the room was clean and impeccably neat , the staff friendly and very capable . The wireless access and big flat screen TV were an added plus too ! Best of all , it is a pet-friendly hotel , something that is unusual in bigger city 4-diamond hotels . Thanks , Chicago Hilton , for a great stay !
On my recent weekend stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel , i was very disappointed . I chose this hotel after scouring various hotel websites in the area . From the look of the website , my expectations were above average . I felt the website led one to believe it was upscale . Upon my arrival , i checked in . I was shown my room and at first glance everything seemed fine with the room . As i was settling into the room , I began to notice a general lack of cleanliness . I noticed spiderwebs in corners , and a lack of cleanliness in the bathroom . Also , it was advertised that there was an i pod docking station in the room , however , it did not work and I had to call down for them to bring a replacement . I , as a guest should not have had to call down , these items should be checked to ensure they work properly before a guest checks in . I found the restaurants on site to be crowded , loud and not to mention an unusally long wait to be served my meal . I did inquire about a few of the menu items and my waiter seemed to have a lack of knowledge about the menu items . Overall , my experience was not good and the next time I am in the area , I will chose another hotel for my stay .
This is the best hotel to stay in when visiting Chicago . I travel a lot , both for business and vacation . The Talbott Hotel is a cozy yet stately hotel that is handsome , and elegant . Not to mention all the modern features that I 'm used to having at home , are available in the room . I brought my wife on my last business trip and we stayed in the one bedroom suite . She did n't even want to leave the room . The concierge was especially helpful in finding us a romantic place to go for dinner .
My husband and I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in Chicago for our anniversary . The hotel was beautiful and luxurious as one would expect from a Hilton brand hotel in a major city . The service was excellent with check-in and check-out going smoothly . The location of the hotel was ideal for us as we had plans to attend the theater , visit the Lincoln Park zoo and picnic by the lake . All of these were very close to our hotel . The price was reasonable for the location and luxurious accommodations . We also enjoyed the hotel restaurant and lounge . Highly recommend .
At the InterContinental Chicago , you pay for more than a room . You pay for an experience . Let me elaborate . I was a bit reluctant to pay a premium for location and amenities . Like any novice traveller to Chicago , I saw the mass glut of cheap accommodations out in the suburbs , and those were originally what I set my sights on . Price is a powerful signal , and the sheer discount of those options drew me in . But after doing a bit of research , I realised that distance does have its costs . The price of transit in the Chicagoland area is n't free . And it 's far from what I 'm used to . Car use is price prohibitive . ( I knew that originally , which is why I was n't going to drive . ) But the sting of using the automobile ( parking , congestion , toll roads , etc . ) gets shoved off onto taxi fares and auto rental . So , I ultimately had to end up looking for a place well connected with mass transit . But mass transit has its costs too , which meant that staying at a focal point downtown had its advantages . That 's what originally drew me to InterContinental . But InterContinental is much more than the right room at the right place . The decor of the rooms and the amenities available to the guest are unsurpassable . I was travelling on international business , so the ease with which I could transact in foreign currency was a draw . ( They had a currency exchange right there on the premises . ) And the fact that massages , dry cleaning , and event planning were available in-house was a huge plus . My work gets me tied up in knots . It also leaves little time for doing chores . So the ability to grab a massage while my suits were being finished was a relief for me . But , on top of all that , the event planning was what put InterContinental over the top . Being able to coordinate a comprehensive tour of Chicago while completing my business and managing my personal life was a weight off my shoulders -- and something I wo n't forget . In the end , if you 're a newcomer to Chicago staying in a time-crunch , the InterContinental is for you . The pricetag of rooming downtown can seem prohibitive , but when you factor in the convenience and savings in marginal costs , it 's nothing in the end . And the InterContinental is not only price-competitive with the other downtown options , it also makes staying downtown the convenience and thrill it should be .
I went to Chicago on business last year and I had the pleasure of staying at the luxurious Hyatt Regency Hotel . I opted for the Business Plan , although they have many different room descriptions available to choose from , such as the Allergy Friendly , Monarch Suite , State Suite , all the way up to the Presidential Suite . My suite was a perfect blend of business and comfort , equipped with Wi-Fi , a generous 37 inch television , spacious work area and two queen sized beds you sink into feeling tension ease from your body . I dined at the Stetson 's Chop Shop restaurant and the meal was portioned generously and very well prepared . The staff was curtious and accommodating . For breakfast , I opted to have my meal brought to my room where I started my business day over a delicious hot meal and strong , gourmet coffee . I would highly recommend this wonderful haven to anyone planning an overnight Chicago stay .
Whilst no doubt being in a good location this hotel falls short in other areas . Most notably is cleanliness , as although the lobby was very clean , the corridors of my floor as well as the room was not . Dust lined the carpeted floor for the hallways , and in the room the the bed emitted an unpleasant odor as if the sheets had not been changed in some time . The furnishings were nice and modern , but with various blemishes upon close inspection . Bathroom was relatively clean , with the exception of the shower . View was nice for this particular room , and service was relatively quick . The food in the restaurant was average but again cleanliness was an issue . This time with the glasses which were stained , the waiter promptly apologized and returned with new glasses but this is still inexcusable in what is advertised as a high class hotel . I will not make the mistake of staying here again .
Downtown Chicago has a multitude of available hotels . However once youve decided to step away from the ordinary a fantastic way to get away from it all is by booking a stay at the Homewood suites . The combination of luxury and affordability is evident as soon as youve entered the glamourous lobby . The Downtown Homewood suites is located near all the attractions which make Chicago the diverse and culturally rich town that is world known . The hotel offers a free fitness center , high speed wireless internet as well as a complimentary buffet breakfast . Being a member of the Hilton family ensures the utmost in quality and service which has been observed by millions of customers around the world .
The Omni Chicago Hotel is one of the most beautiful hotels I have ever had the oppertunity to visit . Not only are the desk clerks very helpful , but you feel like a celebrity when you visit . The workout room is great with lots of room so you do not feel cramp . They also have a great indoor pool and a spa . It also comes with 2 sundecks to get a nice tan . If you need a vacation , this is the place to stay .
I was REALLY looking forward to a nice relaxing stay at the end of a long vacation , but unfortunately that was not to be had . From the moment we arrived at the Omni , the staff was belligerent and extremely rude . They had lost our reservation and refused to give us the rate we had booked before . If we were n't so tired , we would 've gone to a different hotel right then , but hindsight is 20/20 . After we FINALLY got checked in after being made to wait needlessly for 45 minutes in the lobby , we decided to go down to the pool , which was tiny and kind of dirty , so we had walked all the way down there in our suits for nothing . The internet access was really slow . I will NEVER stay here again . Save yourself the headache and book somewhere else !
We chose the Talbott Hotel primarily for the location , but quickly discovered that the location was the only good thing about it . Although their website did a good job of selling their services and amenities , we found both severely lacking . We had mentioned to the reservationist when booking that this was to be a romantic weekend getaway for us - it was our anniversary . We asked for , and were promised , a king room . However , when we checked in , we were told by the front desk clerk that no king rooms were available . We could either take a double queen room , or pay significantly more for a suite . We took the key for our double queen room and were on our way . Upon arriving on our floor , we found a rowdy group of young girls running up and down the hallway , squealing and playing . It turns out that this hotel offers American Girl visits for the nearby store . It turns out that our romantic getaway room was in the center of a block of rooms reserved for a Girl Scout troop on an American Girl trip ! We went back downstairs to request a move to another room , and were told no other double queen rooms were currently available . We explained that we were here for our anniversary , and the ambiance was n't exactly what we were looking for . The clerk rolled her eyes and told us that she could n't help us - they did n't have anything else . Sorry . Back upstairs we went . Tired from travel , we decided to order from room service for dinner . Our pasta , when it arrived , was barely warm and mediocre in flavor . We ate it anyway and prepared for bed . After using the bathroom , we discovered that the toilet in our room continued to cycle water after flushing . After jiggling the handle a few times and poking around in the tank , we could n't get the water to stop running . It took three hours for a maintenance staff member to make their way up to our room to fix the problem . The next morning , after showering , I discovered the hair dryer did n't work properly . After pulling my wet hair back in a clip , we went out for the day . Upon our return , we expected to find our room made up and fresh . It had n't been touched . We called downstairs to have someone sent up to clean it , but by the time we 'd left for dinner , nobody had arrived . Our room was n't made up that day . That night , the Girl Scouts sat in the hallway giggling and singing until well after 1am . We asked them several times to be quiet , but they did n't want to listen , and their chaperones were nowhere to be seen . We called down to the desk , and they told us `` they would take care of it '' , but the girls continued to have their party in the hallway anyway . Nobody came to shoo them away . The next morning , I turned on the hairdryer , expecting it to work after reporting the difficulty the day before . It did n't ! Stuck wearing my clip again , we checked out and made a mental note to select another hotel in the area for our next trip . This hotel had potential , but the staff does n't care enough about your experience to allow me to recommend it to other travelers .
WOW ! That is all I can say ! My girlfriends and I recently went on a little 'excursion ' to Chicago for a girls weekend and we stayed at this beautiful hotel . The rooms were beautifully decorated in a comfortable , modern style . The beds were so comfortable and cozy with the softest bedding I have ever felt on a hotel bed . Our views were just as amazing . We could even see Lake Michigan from our suite . We only dined in the hotel once during our trip , but it was the best time we had . The Aria Restaurant was so elegant yet fun . Very clean and just a great atmosphere . The staff was extremely professional and courteous , going out of their way to ensure our stay was a pleasure from the moment we walked through their doors . Highly recommended ! A must see next time you visit this area .
Worst high priced hotel I 've ever stayed at ! I had a business meeting in Chicago and heard good reviews from a few co-workers thought it would be a nice place to stay but was a little upset with my experience with Swissotel in Chicago.Front desk clerk was very rude at check in , valet parking was great until they brought my SUV around front with a quarter size dent in the passenger size door , the hotel refused to pay for the damages . The room was very beautiful besides the faint mildew smell in the room . Room service was great and very pleasing ! Our business meeting took place in the St Gallen room where our meeting took a little disruptive turn , there was construction going on during that time and was very hard to hear the announcer in our meeting . Other than that the hotel was beautiful but the stay was n't as great as i expected , you may want to book somewhere else if you have a business meeting to attend in Chicago .
I recently stayed at the Affina Chicago hotel and was really dissappointed . When I arrived , the desk clerk was really slow checking me in . I feel like turtles could have checked me in faster . I was finally checked in and my room was on the 8th floor . The elevator ride seemed to take forever . I arrived and the room and at first glance it looked great , but after looking everything over there were finger smudges on the glass table . I figured maybe room cleanin must have accidentally touched it . I went to the C-House for supper that evening and I had to wait for what seemed like forever . The meal was good , but my waitress was very uptight . On my way back to my room , I asked the front desk to set up a wake up call for 6 AM the next morning and they were very grateful to set that up . It would have been nice to actually get it though . The next morning I surprisingly work up at 7:18 AM and realized that I had not received a wake up call . I was very upset and let them know . Overall this experience was not worth the 4 stars that this hotel has been given . For the price , quality and ratings the Affina Chicago hotel has been given , I would expect better service .
I was disappointed in my stay at The James . I am on a strict gluten free diet and was told the hotel restaurant could accomodate my needs . Each time I sat down for a meal , I would explain my dietary needs to the waiter . Most times , I ended up having to send the plate back because some gluten item was included . My wife has sleep apnea and when we made our reservations , I made sure to ask if there was a room available with an outlet near the bed so that she could plug in her CPAP machine . I was assured that this was no problem . However , when we arrived at the hotel , we had to request a room change because there was no outlet near the bed . We had to wait in the lobby for sometime because the room we were moved to was not yet finished benig cleaned . Overall , it was not an entirely horrific stay , but I expected more out of a hotel of this supposed caliber . Next time I visit Chicago , I will be staying at another hotel .
If you are looking for a luxurious downtown Chicago experience , the Conrad Chicago is the place to stay . The rooms are equipped with the most comfortable beds dressed with the most luxurious bedding , a 42 inch flat screen television , a spa like bathroom with marble vanity and soaking tub , and views of downtown Chicago that will take your breath away . The hotel has many amenities for you to enjoy while you are there including great restaurants and bars , high speed internet , a fitness facility and laundry services . This hotel was a great place to stay and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality place to stay in downtown Chicago .
My stay at The Palmer House Hilton was wonderful . I was attracted to this Hotel because it was going to be me and my finance 's first time in Chicago . The location of the hotel was perfectly placed Downtown Chicago We took advantage of the Hilton Bed and Breakfast Special . Upon Check in on Friday afternoon we went to the Lockwood restaurant before going to the room for the weekend . We stayed in a One Bedroom Suite with a King Size Bed . The Hotel was spotless . I have never been in a Hotel Room that was so clean . The portions of food was perfect , and everything they provided was on point . I would recommend this hotel for anyone who is going to visit Chicago for the first time . The staff is professional , and let you feel like a King and Queen .
If you have the money , Amalfi Hotel is the place for you . All the way from it 's 316 thread count , Egyptian linens to the 24 hour fitness center . This hotel has anything you would need or want . The rooms are equipped with free wi-fi , 32in plasma televisions , multi-head showers and much , much more . You can do anything from fine dining and wine to working on the computers in the business center , which is equipped with computers free to your use . After a long night at the bar , you can get a complimentary breakfast at each floor . Over all the service is great as well . I recommend this hotel to any one from business professionals to young singles looking for a good time . I plan on coming back very soon .
I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago during Labor day weekend , huge mistake ! When I got to my room everything seemed okay , Until I went into the bathroom . There was a steady drip noise coming from the bathroom sink and no matter how hard I turned the knob , it would not stop . There was none of the usual bath soap nor was it stocked with any toilet paper . It also seems that housekeeping just swept everything behind the toilet as I saw a wad of hair , and scraps of tissue behind the bowl . I called the front desk and ask them to send someone up to stock the bathroom and clean it . While I was waiting I turned on the air conditioning because it was kind of warm in there ... . the a.c. started blowing out hot , musky air and had the room smelling horrible . I made another phone call to front desk and complained and asked them to switch my room . They told me all they had available was a double bed and it was near an elevator . I was so frustrated between the odor and the steady drip I was hearing I had no choice but to take it . When I moved to the new room , there was now a large damp spot near the window which smelled very strongly of beer and the light in my bathroom would not turn on . Front desk once again sent someone to my room to fix the problems and finally 2 hours later , I was able to relax and settle in . Hard Rock is definitely not what it used to be and for that reason , I will not be staying there again .
What a disappointment this hotel was . First , the checkin desk was understaffed and we had to wait forever to get through the line to check in . When we finally got up to our room , we opened the door and found someone else was already in it ! Yes , the front desk clerk actually checked us into an occupied room and basically gave us a key to someone else 's room . We went back to the clerk who checked us in ( skipping the still present line , which got us annoyed stares from the other people waiting ) and told him the problem . However , he was already helping another guest checkin and made us wait until he was done with that person before helping us . He did apologize for the mix up and then went into the back room to find out what to do . This took a *very* long time . It was a good 10-15 minutes until he came back . He said there were no more rooms available of the type we had booked and the only ones they had left were on a lower floor with no view . The hotel offered us a discount off the regular price for these , but when we got to this new room , we found out why these rooms had n't been taken . The room was overlooking the loading dock at the back of the hotel . We briefly considered just leaving and going to another hotel , but it was late already so we just decided to make do . That was , of course , until the garbage truck came around 6am and made all sorts of noise picking up the dumpsters and dropping them back down . Then somewhere around 7:30am the delivery trucks started showing up making that beep-beep backup sound and all sorts of other noise . So much for a good night 's sleep . I suppose I should say the room itself looked nice , but with all the noise from the loading dock , who cares . We gave up and checked out that morning to find another hotel . Definitely not going back here ever again .
A few weeks ago we stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago . The hotel was a bust from the get go . As we arrived in the lobby , we had to wait several minutes for the front desk clerk to show up . ( We could hear her talking in the back for 5 minutes . ) When she got to the desk she was very short with us and not very helpful . We had to wander around the halls looking for our room . Once we got to our room , we thought the weekend was going to get better . The rooms are modern and nicely designed . That was about all that this hotel had going for it though . As soon as we started to explore the room more , it was clear this room had been a haven for a party a few nights before . The bathroom smelled of vomit and the bath tub had small shards or glass from broken bottles in it . We called a worker and they cleaned most of it up , but the thought of it still remained . As we all settled down to sleep , there were a few loud noises coming from the room next door . After about an hour , we finally made a call to the front desk to complain . The woman said that a rock band was in that room and they had just finished a show in Chicago . They were staying there the next 2 nights . I would n't recommend this hotel to anyone ! It 's a hard rock hotel all right . ( At least that 's what the beds feel like ! )
The Sofitel Water Tower was a wonderful place to stay for my husband and me for our 20th anniversary weekend trip to Chicago . We got married in the city but then moved away , and it was so romantic to return . We loved how near the Sofitel was to everything - the Magnificent Mile was just outside our door , and we could walk to Navy Pier and other attractions as well . Chicago has changed , but the Sofitel made it feel like home again ... except a very plush and elegant version of home ! We stayed in a Junior Suite , which had great views of the city , and room service was very attentive when we called for champagne after midnight the day we arrived . Both nights before leaving for supper , we had a cocktail in Le Bar and enjoyed talking about what we 'd done during the day , and all the great memories this town has for us . But I have to say we have some new great memories now , thanks to the Sofitel Water Tower !
Recently I traveled to Chicago for business . I was treated to a stay at the InterContinental Chicago by my employer . It truly says something about your company when they are willing to go the extra mile to make time away from family and friends as comfortable and as relaxing as possible for you . I was greeted by a series of smiling faces that were employed at the hotel and all were eager to help . I checked in at the amazingly lavish lobby and was escorted by hotel staff who assisted me with my bags up to my room . My room was dripping with taste . The stylish room was only made more accommodating by the amenities it offered . With a mini-bar , large flat-screen television , and an entire home office setup , I barely had to leave the room . Why would I want to with the amazing views of the lake and entire city . What an amazing experience I had and I will gladly come back .
The hotel is located in an hard to fins location in Chicago , the dining room for dinner is uncomfortably crowded , the room service is hard to reach , overall it was not a pleasant hotel stay .
While visiting the Chicago area , we chose the Hotel Monaco Chicago for our stay . As one of the premier luxury hotels in Chicago , we held high expectations but were quickly disappointed in what we recieved . The problems began as soon as we arrived . The attendant was not friendly nor did she have the smile that is suppose to be the symbol of Kimpton . And , when we went to our room only to discover that we had not been given what we had paid for , the situation only got worse . Rather than apologize for the error ( my credit card receipt was on hand ) we were blamed for the indescrpencies in rooms and told that not only was the room we had reserved and paid for more than two months unavailable , we would not recieve a refund of the price difference of the two rooms . I could not believe that a top 40 U.S. hotel that is suppose to be committed to excellence could make such a blunder ! With no choice but to retreat back to our room , we were pleasantly pleased with all of the amenities that we did recieve during our stay . A beautiful hotel in the Chicago Loop , but do n't go expecting to be treated with respect or professionalism .
I really enjoyed staying at this hotel . The separated living room and bedroom made it feel like I was renting a nice furnished apartment instead of a hotel room . The kitchen was a comfort since I could prepare a meal for myself if I wished , and the refrigerator and microwave was a must since I never finish my meals when I go out to eat . I felt more at ease here rather than the detatched feeling I have with most hotels . I would recommend staying at this hotel if you want to feel comfortable and welcome in a sophisticated atmosphere .
My husband and I were planning our 1st year wedding anniversary and we wanted to go back and spend it in Chicago where we had first met . After spending several minutes frustratingly navigating The Talbott Hotel 's website , I FINALLY was able to complete a reservation for a long weekend . After a long flight into Chicago , we were so ready to check in , shower , and lay down in our hotel room . However , once we arrived the unfriendly clerk behind the counter notified us that we did not have a reservation . I provided her with the confirmation email and she again said there must be a mistake because the room we reserved was already occupied . She begrudgingly found us a new room after what seemed like an hour of waiting . We then carried our own bags up to our room only to immediately be hit with a rancid smell of cigarette smoke as soon as we opened the door . I 'm severely allergic to smoke and we ended up getting a refund and locating a much more accommodating and friendly hotel .
I recently had a horrible stay at the InterContinental Hotel in Chicago . When I first arrived I was impressed with the architecture and location , but things went downhill in a hurry . The front desk staff was extremely rude upon checking in and even though I had reserved a room with two queen beds , they told me that `` only king bed rooms were available at the time '' , and there was nothing they could do about it . The room itself was a nightmare . It smelled like an ashtray and it was very clear that the bedding was in dire need of replacement . There was also a huge problem with my television , in that it would automatically turn itself off every 15 minutes or so . I complained about these problems , but very little was done . The hotel staff eventually did bring me new sheets , but the quality was only marginally improved . Overall I was very disappointed with my stay at the InterContinental Hotel in Chicago . From the pictures I had seen online I had expected a wonderful hotel , but what I actually got was on par with what you would typically find at a rundown interstate motel .
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is one of the worse hotels I have stayed in . Everything from the lobby to the staff to the room experience was horrible . As I walked in to the lobby , the lobby had a fowl smell , similar to rotten eggs . The staff was n't much better , especially room service , where it took over 30 minutes just to make my request for more towels . The baggage handlers gave me rude service and when checking in or out , they almost just refuse to provide service . The room I stayed in was ill maintained and looked like nothing like in the pictures . The windows were dirty and I could n't see anything outside the window . The room smelled like someone soiled the room and there were ants crawling on the tabletops . If I had to give any suggestion on this hotel , you should just avoid this hotel all together . Even a cheap motel has better standards than this hotel .
Having recently been in Chicago for business and based on proximity and aesthetics , I decided to reserve a room at the Conrad Hotel in Chicago and I could n't have been more delighted with every aspect of my two-night stay . Every conceivable amenity is available from the 42 '' plasma flat-screen to both wired and wireless internet connections available I was able to stay in constant contact with the office all while in the enviable lap of luxury . My room was not only comfortable and clean , but warm and inviting just as if it were home away from home . If you 're in the Chicago area , reserve a room at the Conrad Hotels and Resorts and you will not be disappointed .
the experince at the hard rock hotel in chicago was fantastic , i will rate them a 6 out of 5. they have wonderful service and great staff and the view is just wonderful .
I have heard friends talking about the Hotel Monaco in Chicago and did have my doubts at first . However when I arrived there was amazed at the location ! It is near so many shopping places , museums , theatre , and many others places . Was in town for visiting old family and friends so did not plan to stay in room for long , however the room was still amazingly clean and well kept entire 6 day stay . Fell asleep quick in the beds and woke up ready for another day ! The staff at the place is amazing I even got very good directions from them as sadly didnt know the area too well and had plans to meet people . One day did spend the day in room recovering from a long night and the room service was the best I have ever had at a hotel . All and all was highly impressed of this hotel good room , good service , and was able to have great time with friends and family by bringing them there and places nearby , will be heading back to this hotel many times .
First off , do n't get a room on a lower floor , the garbage pick up makes a ton of noise and wakes you up at 6 am . Then do n't bother going down for breakfast at that time either , because the restaurant is n't open that early . When it finally opened , the breakfast arrived cold and late . Nothing like congealed eggs to start your day . The fitness center had no towels and no cups for water . It was also too hot and too many people had sweated too much in it . After my congealed breakfast , it really was not pleasant . My entire three day visit was like that . I tried room service that night , but again , service was very slow and the food not warm when it arrived . My high speed internet was not so high speed when it would connect me at all . The furniture was run down and worn . Pool towels were not always available . Generally , for the price I paid , I would expect better service and a better maintained premises .
I do n't know how this hotel ever got such high ratings from others . This hotel was for me : over priced , fingerprints on the walls , stains in the bathroom , funky loud people in the hallway early in the morning , parking/valet was time consuming , and same thing with the elevator . The back to the 1960 's furniture is not for me , and what about the breakfast ? Better to skip their protein-less stuff they had to offer . Oh sure it is a Hilton , woopee ! You pay for the privilege of sleeping there . Saw a couple of bed bugs , but took a shower in the morning , and they seemed to wash away . I wo n't be back to Hilton Homewood Suites again . I 'd rather stay somewhere outside the city to save money . Think that I 'll be happier as well .
If you are traveling to Chicago and need a place to stay , I highly recommend the Hotel Allegro Chicago . It was visiting time visiting Chicago for the first time on a business trip and a friend referred me to the Hotel Allegro . He said they were pet friendly , which was a huge plus . This is because I hate leaving my kitten muffin with a pet sitter every time I travel for business . Upon my arrival , I was met with friendly valet who treated me like I was the only customer who mattered . I walked in and saw a hotel like no other I have seen before or after . The lobby was decorated with modern furniture and paintings and looked like a place I could relax in . After I had entered and checked in , I saw the staircase , which looked like a testament to the staircase in the `` Titanic '' . Frankly , I was amazed and I had not even entered my room yet . My room was a Queen Deluxe room and it was amazing . The bed had a blue headboard , which I have never seen before , and the colors worked together so well I seriously contemplated living there . The room service was exceptional and promptly brought the food I ordered . Later I wanted to get a drink and I enjoyed it at The Bar 312 , which is conveniently located adjacent to the hotel . These are the specifics of my stay , but there is much more to be experienced that I did not mention if you visit the Hotel Allegro . In summary , they allow pets , the service is amazing , the decoration superb , and it is conveniently situated next to dining establishments . What more could a person ask for ?
I had wanted to stay in this hotel since I had heard about how historic it is and I was highly disappointed with my stay there . The room that I was given was dirty and when I went back to the front desk to inquire about it , they disregarded my concerns . It took them a very long time to get me a new room and they whole time they were very unprofessional and did not make me feel welcome . I did not stay in the hotel all night since the people in the rooms around mine were unruly and were making noises all night long . I left that night but not before demanding a refund .
The Amalfi Hotel in Chicago was by far one of the best experiences I 've had . It definitely felt as comfortable as home with the all the luxuriance of a five star establishment . I had forgotten my favorite CD that puts me to sleep each night . When mentioning this in front of the Front desk clerk , she told me that they have a huge collection of CD 's available for guests . Low and behold , they had my favorite CD ! ! Also , my laptop was not cooperating . Come to find out , they offer every guest full access to their amazing and fully functional business center ! From now on , when visiting Chicago , I will ONLY be staying at the Amalfi Hotel !
This hotel was an absolute dream to stay in . I could n't have picked a better hotel to spend in such luxury . I enjoyed the set up of the rooms and the space they offered.The room decor was extremely elegant and the location was great as well . I honestly felt like I was at a spa ! The price was very reasonable as well . I would definetly recommend this hotel to everyone I know . If you ever get a chance to spend a night here definetly choose the suite rooms ! ! !
This hotel was very poor with customer service . They were so worried about keeping everything up to date and perfect looking in the hotel they rarely worried about their customers , and their guests . I had to ask for my room to be serviced for cleaning , and it took a long time to get a response . Very disappointed .
The magnificent mile in Chicago is a great place to visit , and staying at the Affinia Chicago just made it that much better ! The location is awesome - all of the great shopping spots were just moments away , and getting to Navy Pier was a cinch ! And the accommodations themselves were wonderful ! The hotel lets you completely customize your stay , all the way down to choosing your own pillow ! Very impressed overall !
After a my stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago I contemplated the the poor quality of my experienc there and felt the need to document it . While the amenities were plush , the service of the staff was lacking . Upon check in , my reservation was `` lost '' and it took over 30 minutes for the manager to make arraingments for my stay . There was no offer to upgrade me or comp me in any way . Room service did a poor job in cleaning my room and left wet towles in the bath room . A used coffee filter was left in the coffee pot for me to clean out . I am not sure my sheets were changed out . When I checked out , the bell hop dropped my laptop and destroyed my hard drive leaving me to scramble to recover the report I spent days creating . Overall my negative experience has left me wondering if they train thier staff on the proper way to attend to their customers . I will be relunctant to stay with them again until I am assured they have focused on trainging their staff better .
Stays here while on a business trip in Chicago . First off the staff were very friendly and helpful . They were knowledgeable about the things in the area when I needed to find something . I had a king bed room - it was very clean and cozy and the view was great . This is definitely a hotel I will stay at again if my work takes me back to Chicago .
My husband and I recently stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for our wedding anniversary - and what a pleasant stay we had ! From the first moment we walked in , we were overwhelmed at the classy elegance of the lobby . I casually mentioned that it was our anniversary , and after we came back from dinner , we found champagne and strawberries awaiting us in the room . The staff was professional but friendly , and made us feel so welcome . The room was immaculate , the furnishings were so plush - we did n't really want to go home ! Room service was prompt , and the views were spectacular ! We are definitely going to make this visit a yearly repeat .
My experience at the Ambassador East Hotel was truly terrible . I went to Chicago with my husband and children to attend a wedding . This hotel was recommended by the wedding party . It was a terrible choice . Despite the special discount we got because of the wedding , the hotel turned out to be very expensive compared to other nearby hotels . The staff and amenities were also very unfriendly to children . My kids were absolutely terrified of several members of the staff who scowled at them and yelled at them for no reason . The place was also very formal and stiff and decorated with a lot of breakable and expensive items . My son narrowly avoided breaking a vase when an ill tempered bellhop nearly ran him down with a luggage cart . Overall , I would say I was very displeased with the staff , the hotel 's attitude towards children , and the expense of the hotel . On the plus side , our window had an excellent view of the city . Still , I would not return here again .
The Hyatt Regency Chicago hotel was a delight to stay at . I 've never been to Chicago before , but the location was fantastic . They had all sorts of different rooms , from non-smoking to smoking to hypo-allergenic rooms . I 've never seen so many options for rooms . The room I stayed in was well worth the nightly price . The location was so close to all the activities my husband and I had planned for our vacation . We have never been treated so much like royalty than at the Chicago Hyatt Regency .
I stayed at Swissotel Chicago when I was on business and it was very nice . The staff was very helpful and room was very clean . I would stay again in a heart beat !
My wife and I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago and , after our experience there , we will not be returning . With a hotel that markets itself as `` luxury , '' we were expecting to get a big bang for our buck . We were disappointed , to say the least . First of all , we stayed in the King Deluxe room and it was uncomfortably small . The space was used poorly - my wife and I could not walk around the bed at the same time because there was so little space . The decor seemed rather dated and not of the best quality . Although they said our room woudl be ready at 3 , we had to wait almost an hour past that for our room to be ready . Although the staff did offer a complimentary drink as an apology , they did n't seem terribly upset or apologetic about the inconvenience this caused . The noise at night from the city is horrible - even with the radio on in our room we could hear traffic and pedestrians on the street well past midnight . The hotel would not move us to a different room . All in all , I felt that we paid $ 100.00 for a luxury hotel and got a $ 40 Motel 6 . We will definitely not be back anytime soon .
I recently stayed at the Amalfi Hotel Chicago in Chicago , Illinois . I must say , that staying at this hotel is like staying at a high end hotel for celebrities . There are spa packages , room service , and the hotel is decorated extremely beautifully . I would recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking to be treated like a star . They take reservations , and also have a great restaurant right inside of the building . Whatever you need , they will accommodate you . This is heaven on earth ! I would recommend anyone to stay at this hotel , even if its for one day , its worth it .
I just got home from my stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel . Me and my family were in Chacago for the the week and this hotel was the closest to where we needed to be . When we walked in the door there was a horrid odor . Almost like a public bathroom . The check in clerk was very irritable and was very uncooperative . She would not let us go to our rooms because our entire family was not there yet ! When we finally got to our rooms the beds were not made and the room was uninviting . The beds felt like we were sleeping on rocks . After the first dreadful night we got up and went downstairs to eat breakfast . The food there tastes and looks like vomit . The rest of the weeks stay there was like living in Hell . The Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel is definitely not a good place to stay . It is actually probably on of the worst hotels I 've ever stayed at .
My husband and I stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel last weekend and I felt compelled to write a review about this wonderful hotel . I have to say I was very impressed with the cleanliness and the beautiful decor of this hotel . Not to mention the friendliest and most helpful staff I have ever encountered . I frequently stay at hotels for business but have never had such a wonderful experience as I did at the Omni Chicago Hotel . From the minute we walked in the beautiful front doors to the time of our check out we were absolutely treated like royalty . This is one hotel that I would definitely rate 5 stars . You can be sure , I will absolutely be back in the future .
My wife and I recently stayed at this hotel for a fun anniversary weekend away from the kids . Upon check in we were pleasantly surprised by the decor , the location to so many downtown attractions and the attentiveness of the staff . As a seasoned traveler for business I consider myself somewhat savvy when it comes to service and accommodations . This hotel certainly delivers on both accounts . My wife and I had not intended on eating in the hotel restaurant , but after reviewing the menu we thought we would give it a try . WOW ! Service was outstanding and the food was amazing . We truly enjoyed our dining experience . All in all I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone I meet .
This hotel was everything we were looking for . My mom and I were on a girls weekend out shopping trip and just needed a place to stay after a long day out . The Talbott Hotel was incredible . The rooms were very clean and spacious and had everything we needed . The hotel check in was easy and the guest services folks were awesome ! They even gave us tips on great restaurants in the area . Highly recommend this hotel on your next trip to chicago !
Not one of my better experiences , When I first arrived at the hotel and tried to get my room key it was discovered that they were fresh out of keys . I had to wait half an hour while someone ran out to get more keys . It would n't have been as bad but the lobby looked to be in slight disrepair . When I finally got to the room I found the burnt out light bulb and an unmade bed . The room was an ok size for one person but any more than that and it would probably get a bit crowded . But the view from the window was amazing , and it took away some of the bad for me . Overall , it just felt like the owners of the hotel stopped caring , maintenance took four or so hours to finally come fix the light . I did n't even get housekeeping my entire stay there . I would n't recommend this hotel to anyone in the area , hopefully it will make them get their act together .
I just spent a week at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel and it was a very plesant stay . When I first walked into the room it was very clean . The bathroom was a decent size and the decorum was pleasant . Room service was very good . The view was amazing and I would recomend staying there .
The name Conrad ( the most luxurious of all Hilton hotels ) should illicit nothing but images of pure elegance and luxury ; however , the Conrad in Chicago , IL did obviously not receive the memo . Upon entering the hotel , we were not greeted by any of the hotel staff . Additionally , we were not offered any help . The desk receptionist was beyond rude . Her snide remarks towards my wife and me set the tone for a the rest of our stay . After getting our card , we were finally offered help with our luggage . The young man who helped us could barely handle our luggage . Strangely , he somehow found more strength when it was time to collect his tip . He received the tip he deserved , which he scoffed about and groaned under his breath as he walked away . Upon first looking at the room it was beautiful . However , closer inspection revealed that the room had NOT been cleaned since the last visitor had left . There was hair in the sink and around the toilet . There was even a used bar of soap in the bathtub . This fact was not met with any apology by hotel staff . Instead , I was told that was preposterous and that the room had indeed been cleaned to the highest of standards . Two-hours later , someone came into the room to `` investigate '' . When they saw the mess that had been left , they offered a menial apology . Still another two hours later , housekeeping arrived . The level of incompetence even extended to the valets in the parking garage . In the most incredible display of stupidity of our visit , the valet actually brought the wrong car to me . I was half tempted to take the car that was brought to me ( it was certainly an incredible make and model ) , but my better judgment prevailed . I informed the valet of his mistake , to which he replied , `` Sorry dude , I read your ticket wrong . '' I know that he did not smoke in my car , but he smelled so strongly of smoke , that the smell melted into my seat . Luckily , its location on Rush will help get out of the terror that is Conrad Chicago . There are so many better hotels in Chicago -- please spend your money elsewhere .
The Omni Chicago Hotel was in one word , dreadful . The hotel is in the heart of the city and traffic is chaotic . The service is terrible . If you want to wait for your room for 3 and a half hours this is the place to go ! Throughout a whole week , beds are made once and bathrooms are never cleaned . The hotel is no help when looking for a nice place to dine or a fun place to visit , they give no info for any activities going on in Chicago . This hotel should be listed in the top 10 WORST hotels in America . Do not waste your time nor money staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel .
I stayed at the Knickerbocker Hotel the last time I visited Chicago . I lived in Illinois during college , and as I was on a college budget , most of my trips up to the city involved sharing a room at one of the cheaper hotels away from downtown . For my visit back , I decided I would treat myself to a nicer stay than I was used to , so I booked a room at the Knickerbocker . Everything looked nice when I got there , but for the price I paid , I was really expecting something far above and beyond what I got . Maybe I was n't dressed right , or did n't carry the right luggage , but the front desk clerk was unnecessarily snooty when I checked in . Should n't a hotel try to make its guests feel welcome ? When I stayed at the cheap hotels in college , the front desk employees were always friendly when I checked in and out , and they would give me good tips on the best way to get to the fun things in the city . Here , I did n't even want to ask for any tips at the front desk because I did n't want to deal with the eye rolling and `` too important to be bothered '' attitude I got when I checked in . I guess the location was more convenient than the hotels I used to visit , but I really thought that part of the money I was spending on a nice hotel would pay for a pleasant customer service experience . Look , obviously I can afford to stay at your hotel , I already booked and paid for the room . Even if customer service is n't your number one goal , making money should be pretty high up on the list , and making a paying customer feel unwelcome is n't a very good way to secure return business . I doubt I 'll stay here again .
My family and I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers with the belief our stay would be a 5 star experience . That was the farthest thing from the truth . The staff was very rude and unhelpful . The hotel is so large that you will get lost if you dont have the help of the staff . Once we did find our room our card would not get us in and we had to start all over . So overall it took over an hour just to get us in a room . As we entered the room we noticed a foul smell that we just overlooked because we were happy to just finally be able to rest . My wife went to the bathroom , and to our amazement there was what appeared to be dog hair all over the tub and tile floor . That was just the beginning of our bad stay . After being in the room for about 30 minutes , there was a knock at the door that just happened to be the Chicago police . There was a report of the smell of marijuana coming from the room ! My family was put through a series of embarrasing questions and actually had our luggage and personal belongings searched . There was a small amount of marijuana found in the drawer of the dresser that we never touched . Come to find out after video surveillance , the cleaning lady was arrested for possession of marijuana . Needless to say , our stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was the worst part of our vacation and I would not recommend anyone to stay at this place .
The Ambassador Hotel is located in Downtown Chicago right off Lakeshore Drive in the heart of the hotel industry downtown . I would recommend you look to one of those other hotels if you are wanting a place to stay downtown . The rates at this hotel indicate that it would be a top of the line place to stay , when in fact , we had a pretty unpleasant experience . It started with someone who was obviously a new employee checking us in . I have no problem with this , except the fact that this person was the only one on duty and had difficulties checking us in and had no one to assist him . After checking in , we went up to our room and were a bit disappointed . The pictures do not accurately depict the size of these rooms , they are very tiny and offer very little room to store luggage where it is out of the way . The beds were not very comfortable and when we called room service for extra pillows , they took over an hour to arrive . I will not be staying at this hotel anytime in the future .
DO NOT STAY HERE ! ! My wife and I were visiting family in Chicago and decided to stay at the James . We had stayed at the James in New York happily so we came in with good expectations . What a mistake . Our room looked nothing like the ones pictured on the website . The bathroom was dirty and the bedding and furniture were disheveled . There was also a musty odor to the room . When we called the front desk to complain they were quite rude . We ended up leaving and staying in a different hotel for the duration of our stay .
I stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel for a fun weekend in Chicago . The standard room had a nice king size bed that was nice and comfortable . I love a hotel with all white sheets because then I know it 's clean . I really liked the simple and modern decor , especially the huge upholstered headboard . Nice fixtures in the bathroom and granite counter . The bathroom was so much nicer than my own bathroom at home . The staff was friendly . Ca n't really judge the service because I did n't have any problems or complaints . So I did n't have a reason to interact with the staff much . Overall , it was a very nice hotel in a great location . Will definitely stay here again on my next visit .
Overpriced is the best word to describe the Conrad Chicago hotel . While it may be in downtown Chicago , the room had no view . Although I asked for non-smoking , the room reeked of smoke . The elevators were very slow , and one was not working during my stay . There was a stain on the pillow , and the leg of one of the chairs in the room was broken . There was a dead bug in the bath tub . I was only given 2 towels for my 4 night stay . My credit card was billed twice , and it took 2 weeks to reverse to extra charge . I do not recommend this hotel at all !
This was really an unexpected experience for me as far as hotel accommodations go . For this week 's vacation in Chicago , I heard several recommendations regarding lodging , but the James Chicago was mentioned most emphatically . I expected an experience of comfort , luxury and customer satisfaction , but I was pleasantly surprised by the level of innovation and forward-thinking employed by every aspect of this hotel . The design is breathtaking -- modern , clean , stylish , sexy -- and its reflected everywhere from the lobby , shops and restaurants , to the stunning guest rooms themselves . My family and I felt energized by the smartly sleek environment we were in , and were impressed at every turn by the sophisticated take on hotel decor . Far from a traditional hotel experience , this was like moving into chic , exclusive downtown apartment , and truly an upscale adventure in modern luxury living . Impressive , too , was the hotel 's overall approach to its guests and its use of the world 's resources . From its offer of in-room recycling to the available bicycles for guest usage , the James offers a unique perspective on its place in the world , and gently helps its guests assist in maintaining that balance with ease and elegance . It 's a respect that shows through , too , in other areas : support for artistic organizations , charities and other programs of merit , as well as Chicago-centric packages compiled for guests so they can make the best of their stay , whether for a weekend , a week , or longer . The James Chicago will definitely be our choice for accommodations whenever we revisit Chicago . In fact , we may visit again solely to stay at the James !
My husband , three year old son and I arrived at the Palmer House Hilton last Friday for a weekend stay . The hotel looked elegant online but included information that also indicated it was child friendly . At the check in the staff was cold and seemed quite annoyed by son who was merely saying hi and asking the name of the person helping us . One elevator was broken we had a long wait for other elevator . The hallway appeared a bit dirty as we made our way to our room . The room was decent . Not deluxe as their website indicated it would be but is was comfortable and the view was good . We had a long day of sight seeing and play on Saturday . As my son was tired , we elected to return to our room and have room service for dinner . There was no children 's menu for room service . Only for the restaurant from which the room service came from the same kitchen , what ? ? ? We ordered an adult meal . The food arrived an hour later , cold and unappealing . But we at it because we could n't wait another hour . Although the hotel looks lovely . The service was not very good . Most of the staff was cold and snooty . Except for the cleaning staff who were very nice . It might be ok for a couple or business traveler but do not stay with children . A comfortable motel might be better .
I stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel for a total of three days , and through out my stay I had a wonderful time . The room was impeccably clean , as well as the pillows and sheets . The beds were large and extremely comfortable . The staff though , in my honest opinion , is what made my stay so pleasant . From the people at the check in , to the waiters at the restaurant , I got the best customer service . The hotel was also conveniently located . It was within walking distance to the shopping center . I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying at around the area in Chicago .
I had such a horrible experience when I stayed at Omni Chicago Hotel last Saturday night . First of all , the plasma TV in my room was broken and the staff said they had no other rooms available , and they were n't particularly apologetic about it , either . Secondly , it was supposedly a non-smoking hotel , but as an ex-smoker , I can tell that people had smoked in the room recently . Additionally , the indoor swimming pool was closed due to high chlorine levels , which was really disappointing , because I was looking forward to using the pool . Finally , check-out was supposed to be at noon . At 11:15 am , the maid was knocking at the door . She asked if I would be out soon , and I thought was very quite intrusive . I will never , ever stay at that place again .
My girlfriends and I stayed at the Hyatt in Chicago during a shopping trip to the city in June 2010 . We found a great deal on Orbitz.com and decided to give it a try . The location was perfect , just off Michigan Avenue , on the Chicago River , so it was easy to walk down the Mag Mile and get to all of the shops without having to pay for cabs or rent a car . The hotel is right next the The Palm restaurant , and within walking distance of several places to eat , both fancy ( China Grill , yum ! ) and affordable ( Corner Bakery ) . The rooms have been recently remodeled and were clean and spacious . We were lucky to get a room with a good view ... be sure to ask that you do not have a view of the office building next door ! The lobby is typical Hyatt , big and spacious with lots of plants . Service was good . All around an excellent experience and a great deal .
Chicago has many wonderful luxury hotels for tourists and business travelers . When visiting the Windy City , however , the Conrad Hotel and Resort is one to avoid . While the description promises clean accommodations , luxury amenities , and `` deep soaking tubs , '' in relity , the rooms fall short of expectations . I opened the door to my suite to find a musty smell in the room similar to that of an old neglected closet . A bit disappointed , I decided to ignore this fact . Hoping to take a nice long soak after my travels , I made my way to the bathroom . While I did find a large , deep bathtub , there was a hard water stain giving it a dingy look . Hardly what I expected for the price I paid for the accommodations . In the corner of the bathroom , I found a reminder of a pevious guest , a clump of blond hair . The maid service seemed to be lacking . Not to be deterred from enjoying my stay , I decided to watch television on the 42 inch flat screen I had been promised . Unfortunately , the battery to the remote control was dead . I called the front desk , at my wits ' end , to complain about the issues , but was greeted by a desk clerk with a very sassy attitude who seemed to doubt my every word . Overall , I would definitely not recommend the Conrad Hotel and Resort in Chicago . My room was dirty , the staff was unfriendly , and the ammenities were few and far between . On my next stay in Chicago , I will definitely stay elsewhere .
The Hilton family would be outraged after hearing about a recent stay ( i.e . nightmare ) at the Palmer House Hilton . I arrived 3 days before the National Restaurant Association tade show hoping to beat the crowds and settle in for a long week of trade show business . When I arrived I was greeted or really snarled at by the Clerk . This lady ( if one can really call this beast that ) was aggressive and rude from the get go . She made a snide comment on the number of bags I had and it was downhill from there . My guaranteed and confirmed reservation had been mysteriously cancelled and she indicated that I had been the one to contact their call center seeking a cancellation . I informed `` Brenda '' that I had never cancelled my reservation . We had originally booked 2 rooms ( one for me and one for colleague ) and my colleague changed their reservation to come in one day later . She huffed and puffed and finally said , oh okay , I read it wrong but we do n't have a room for you . My room had been given away to someone else that had arrived earlier that day . As a Hilton Honors member and someone that drops lots of money on this chain , I was furious . She said that perhaps someone else had found me a room at another hotel and to wait while she checked . She left the front desk and was gone for almost 20 minutes , coming back with a smirk on her face . She informed me that I had to make a decision and that both would not be satisfactory 100 % . The first option was to stay at a hotel outside of the Chicago downtown , closer to the airport or that I could go with another room they had , a smaller smoking one with the potential but promise of an upgrade in 3 or 4 days . I was outraged . No , I 'm sorry and certainly the options were horrible . I ended up taking the smoking room where I barely spent any time in it due to the strong cigarette smells . Additionally , there was no upgrade at all during my stay there . I was not offered anything to make up for my troubles , their screw-up nor did the hotel manager bother to return my call . The net outcome : I will NEVER stay at this hotel again and I 'm thinking of shredding my Hilton Honors card . Do n't make the mistake of dealing with this property . You will be very , very sorry . Thanks for reading all this . Hopefully it will help someone out there before booking at this joke of a hotel .
This was a great hotel , one of the nicest that we have stayed in a long time . My wife was absolutely thrilled with the staff and we could n't believe the KimptonKids program at the site . We will be back next time we stop in town . We can not think of a better place to stay .
My family stayed at this hotel and walking into the Lobby I expected a very good experience . Once I made my way to the counter and was Greeted ( Not Really ) I knew this may be a bad experience . The Customer Service Person was rude and did not wait on me for a few minutes . Once I got up to the room it looked like someone had just checked out . The High Chair that we requested still had spots of food on it . The Rest Room had water on the counter and very little toilet paper . After we got settled we went down to the dining room for supper and was disappointed in the service and the food quality for the price we paid . Luckily we only had to stay there one day . One day was almost too long .
My family really enjoyed this hotel the weekend we were in Chicago . Check in was quick and easy the staff was friendly and very helpful . The room was clean , the beds were comfortable and we had a great view of Chicago . Next time we come to Chicago we will definitely stay here again .
Imagine flying to the windy city for business . After a long flight with many delays you get a cab to your hotel , the much-hyped Conrad . You 've been expecting to fall into a soft bed with a lovely view of the Chicago skyline out your window . That 's exactly how I imagined it after my delayed flight and terrible cab ride . That 's the opposite of how it turned out . I got in to the lobby late and the person at the counter was busy talking on their cellphone . I approached and they did n't even hang up . They were going on about how they thought the whole Charlie Sheen thing was overblown . I do n't care . It 's late . I have meetings the next day . I try to check in and they say they ca n't find my reservation . This is despite the fact I have my receipt with me ! Finally , they check me in and do n't even bother to have a bellhop help me with my bags . This is n't a cheap room . It 's standard to treat your customers with some level of respect . I get to my room and I open the door and it 's someone else 's room ! Somehow they 've given me the wrong room and activated my key for that person 's room . Worse yet , the occupant was passed out drunk on the bed with his clothes strewn all over the room . I have to carry my bags back downstairs and get checked into the right room . Finally I get up there and my room is missing a pillow . Seriously ? How can the maid not notice . The bed was made . Someone must 've been in the room and seen that there was one too few pillows . This episode was exemplary of the rest of my stay . Needless to say , neither I nor my business will be using the services of the Conrad in Chicago .
I stayed this hotel for 2 nights . I had high hopes seeing as this is a 4 star hotel and seems quite elegant based on pictures I 've seen . Upon entering the building , you can easily see that it is clean and high class . The lobby was nice , and everything seemed as it should be . However , as soon as I made it into my room , it was completely different than everything previous to it . It was dirty , visible yellow stains on the walls and all around the restroom . The room too was not completely organized as all other hotel rooms I 've been to . There was also a lingering smell from the last tenants . When I called the front desk about these issues , they sent someone up to fix it . I left the hotel about two hours and upon returning , they were still at it ! This is an unreasonable amount of time to fix these glaring errors . The smell also did not completely disappear when they were done . As I was too tired , I just decided to deal with it for the rest of my stay here and focus on enjoying my vacation at Chicago instead . I hope its shallow exterior does not fool others like it fooled me .
Traveled to this hotel on a family vacation . We chose this hotel because it was pet friendly . Upon arrival we smelled just how pet friendly it was ! The dog that greets you attacked my dog . There was constant barking throughout the night and during breakfast , I found hair in my eggs ! I would not recommend this hotel !
Amalfi Hotel Chicago is just minutes from Navy Pier , Michigan Avenue , the Chicago Opera Theater , The House of Blues , and the hottest night clubs . At $ 200.00 per night , you can expect the very best from your staff , and your accomodations . When I arrived for my weekend stay , I was greeted by a pleasant surprise of wall art , and eclectic style . After reaching my room , I was able to relax in peace on the numerous pillows . I did n't choose to use the spa this trip , but when I come back , it will be the first item on my list ! The business office was great , because I had a last minute emergency with work- thank goodness for cocktail hour . Breakfast was delicious . I have already told a friend from Naperville that the next time I 'm in town , she 'll have to stay at Amalfi with me , instead of commuting . She really missed out ! -Atlanta Girl-
The Hilton in Chicago was awesome . The room was very clean and the hotel staff was very professional . One of the features I liked , was that in my room the internet access was wire and wireless , considering my laptop is not wireless , it help me out alot . Food was very good , quality was great . There was also a flat screen in my room ... awesome . The hotel itself is locaated in the middle of alot of resturants with fin dinning . I also enjoyed the gym very much . Overall , I enjoyed myself , and I will stay again at the Hilton when I return to Chicago .
I stayed here last August and I 'm truly glad that I will never have to stay here again . The website does a great job of creating an illusion . The rooms are so much smaller than it seems on the website . I thought the Monaco was walking distance to a few nightclubs but it isnt . The wireless internet is free but it is extremely slow . For such a `` classy '' hotel , there isnt a pool . At $ 46 per night , the on-site parking is way too expensive for guests . All and all , I would not recommend this hotel to anyone .
This is a beautiful hotel with a great view of the Chicago River and a short walk to all the best places to visit in the city ! I had an unbelievably pleasant and relaxing stay with an in-room massage and fantastic room service . If you 're looking for a vacation in Chicago and want to experience the best the city has to offer as well as live in luxury and comfort , I highly recommend this hotel and I would definitely come again !
My stay at the James Hotel in Chicago was fantastic ! The hotel was clean , modern and everything I had hoped for . The staff was fabulous and went above and beyond all of our expectations . All of our needs were more than met and I will be recommending this hotel to all of our friends and associates .
My husband and I recently went to Chicago for my Aunt 's funeral . We are not familiar with the area so we asked for recommedations of where to stay for the two nights we would be in town . We were told to stay at the Ambassador East Hotel . I wish we could say that our experience there was a good one , but sadly , it was one of of the more disappointing travel experiences we have had . Upon check in we were quickly shown to our rooms , but when we entered our king suite a very strong , musty smell greeted us on the other side . At first I thought I was just being sensitive , but after about an hour in the room we simply had to request to be moved . The smell was too overwhelming . The front desk said they would be happy to move us , but the only other room available was a suite with two double beds , rather than the king bed suite we originally reserved . While this was not exactly what we wanted , we did n't really have a choice to refuse . After transfering to the new room and getting settled , we discovered that the electrical outlet near the sink in the bathroom did not work . While this did not bother my husband too much , I was very annoyed , as I need the mirror while I use my hair dryer , curling iron , etc . I absolutely did not want to have to switch rooms yet again , so I simply had to make due with doing my hair next to the bed . They also only gave us two towels of any kind in the bathroom , so we had to request washcloths and small hand towels , BOTH DAYS we were there ! Each time the housekeeping staff seemed incredibly annoyed at these requests . For what we paid to stay at this hotel , we were not impressed at all . The customer service was lackluster and the rooms were not up to par . If you are ever in Chicago , do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else .
I stayed at the InterContinental in Chicago for my visit to set up my Daughter 's wedding . Nina ( Our Daughter ) stated this was the place where all the higher echilon gets hitched ! Well I do n't understand why at all . Upon arrival we checked in and met Nina at the `` The Bar '' ( how innovative ) and had a light supper . The food was like airline food and cold . The waiter was annoying and in your face when he could clearly see we were not ready to have our food taken yet . When he finally came with the check we thought `` our light supper '' was all too pricey . Then we were supposed to meet the sales manager Erin in the Lobby at 8:00 PM sharp . Not sharp enough . At 8:15 a worker came over to us and stated that Erin had an emergency and would n't be able to meet with us tonight . Well that is just great . Over $ 300 for a night and supper that would obviously be wasted . No more money will be spent here , I will Guarentee that . Sincerely Mr. and Mrs. Scott Grander Louisville , KY
The hard rock hotel Chicago is not as good as they try to portray , First ill start off by saying there website is confusing and hard to navigate through . They also have rude customer service , that dont seem happy to answer your questions . There prices are so outrageously expensive for what they offer , its just ridiculous . Hard rock hotel has a good rep behind there name , but Hard rock hotel Chicago should not be included in that .
i recently stayed at the amalfi hotel in Chicago and was very disappointed right from the beginning . the girl at the front desk was busy talking to a one of her friends and when i finally did get her to wait on me she was rude and seemed bothered to have to wait on me . the room wasnt at all what i was expecting . it was dingy , dirty , and just seems like an old hotel . just not what i was looking for in a nice hotel . seemed like the quality you 'd expect from a cheap motel .
We booked an American Girl Place package at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park . Told that we 'd have a room with a nice view , apparently their idea of a nice view is of another building ! Ended up getting a smoking room when we booked non-smoking , cost us $ 100 more a night than we were told , and staff was incredibly rude at the restaurant . Would never recommend coming here for any reason whatsoever !
The Hotel Allegro in Chicago is understated luxury . I love the minimalist decor , and the linens were quality and exquisite . You ca n't beat the location , either , it 's located in the heart of the theatre district . Walking distance to all the great restaurants in Chicago ! They also offer an in-room spa service , which is pure decadence . I chose to indulge in the Eucalyptus Mani/pedi . It was by far the priciest manicure and pedicure I have had in my life ( 135 dollars ) but it was a wonderful experience . The eucalyptus treatments left my hands and feet feeling so soft yet refreshed at the same time . I highly recommend this hotel if you want to experience the finer thingsthis gorgeous city has to offer .
My family and I stayed here while we were visiting Chicago . This was a perfect location to many of the things we wanted to do and was easy to get around . It was in a safe neighborhood and was great accomodations . The staff was friendly and went the `` extra mile '' to make sure we had everything we needed . The beds were comfortable . We would definitely stay here again .
I recently stayed at the Hotel Allegro Chicago with my wife . I was on business but I thought I 'd take her so we could see the city as well . Chicago was great , The Allegro ... not so much . I mean it looked nice , great lobby and all . The service was n't so great though . The clerk was a younger girl who seemed a bit rude . Like we were bothering her and interrupting her day by wanting to book a weekend . The bell hop took our bags to our room , none to gently . My wife and I watched as he threw our luggage on the floor in our room . Which was n't that bad till he actually asked for a tip ! Our room was okay . The bed was sort of rough and made a odd plastic rubbing noise every time you moved . The next day my wife went out and returned to find our room was n't cleaned . Our trip to the Chicago had it 's nice moments , all outside the hotel . The Hotel Allegro seemed like they spent too much on the appearance and neglected to staff it better . I wo n't stay there again .
I was on a business trip to Chicago a while back and I had the unfortunate luck of staying at the InterContinental Chicago Hotel . I say unfortunate , because from the first moment I walked in my experience was poor . The front desk made me wait a very long time and I had to resolve an issue with my reservation . My receptionist had made the reservation and the room should have already been on or company account but they were insisting that I supply a personal credit card for the room . I understand their precautions but I travel a lot and usually do not encounter this situation . Once that was all taken care of ( several phone calls later ) I was taken up to my room . It was nice and I was glad to finally be there , but the bell hope was very short with me and was very quick to throw out his hand asking for a tip , even though he had done nothing but groaned the entire time he was taking me to my room . I was very happy I only had to stay there two night because after my run in with the front desk I got the impression that no one wanted to deal with me . I will hopefully not be staying there again , and will suggest that it be avoided by all .
An excellent vacation destination . Clean rooms and many nice features . Superb location and proximity to local attractions . Staff is always friendly and eager to help . Highly recommended to anyone looking to travel to this area .
I truly am not the sort of person to write a negative review about an establishment , but my time spent at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago forced me to do so . It was to be our first trip to Chicago since I was a boy so my wife and I were very excited to arrive and begin our short weekend getaway as soon as we checked into the hotel . First I must say that the counter help was far less than helpful . The apparently confused person who was to sign us in was extremely out matched when it came to the workings of the hotel computer and was total inept at customer service . He said we had not reserved a room , which I had weeks earlier , and proceed to explain to us that his hotel does not make mistakes of this kind and that WE must be mistaken as to the reservation or the hotel or both . Finally the manager arrived after I insisted on his presents . He did straiten out the confusion , but the room we were lead to was much smaller than we were lead to believe and had not even been cleaned from the last occupants . I called down to the front and demanded that the manager walk himself to our room and see the condition of the place . We were shown to another room , this time to our liking . From that point on nothing and no one that we saw or had contact with worked or acted as one would expect from a hotel with the reputation that the Affinia had . To list just a few ; the television was a 13 inch black and white which could get only 4 channels , the food that room service brought up was cold , lifeless and bland , the cleaning person knocked at our door at 5 in the morning every morning even with the 'Do Not Disturb ' sign on the door , and there was this ever so slight smell of mold and vomit which passed through the hallway every time my wife and I lift the room . To be blunt , I truly hope that the CEO of the company reads this note and fires the entire staff , guts the building thoroughly , and is publicly flogged in a downtown park . WE WILL NEVER STEP THROUGH THE DOORS OF THE AFFINIA AGAIN .
Not worth the price ! I had the unfortunate experience of staying in the Hilton Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago . I stayed there with my family while we were on vacation . I wish I would have saved my money and went somewhere else . With a hotel this expensive , you think that they might throw in some bonuses your way , like complimentary parking . Not a chance . In addition to the $ 259 price tag , I also had to pay $ 30 for parking , per night . If I had stayed at the Motel 6 , parking would have been free . The staff there were not very nice at all . When I registered , the lady at the counter acted like helping me was interfering with her internet chat time . She was very rude to me . Perhaps she was having a bad day or something , but I doubt it . After I arrived in my room , my key card did n't work , and I had to go back downstairs to get it fixed ( once again , interrupting her precious free time with some actual work ) . The rooms had some nice features , like kitchen appliances and a flat screen television . I did n't go on vacation to cook though . The television did n't get very many channels , and you had to pay if you wanted to watch any of their movies ( of course ) . I tried logging into Facebook to say hello to my friends from the hotel room , but the `` complimentary '' internet access was so slow that it was hardly worth using . I get a better connection at Starbucks . They offer a complimentary dinner and breakfast , but it 's nothing to write home about . I 've had better food at McDonald 's . The food was pretty cold , and the choices are very limited . Traffic around the hotel was hideous . This hotel is downtown , and you can definitely tell . There are a bunch of one-way streets around , which makes getting in and out confusing . The room was pretty clean , but you can say that about a lot of hotels in a wide variety of price ranges . If you 're looking for a hotel in Chicago , I 'd say save some money and go somewhere else . I 've had better stays at the Best Western and many other hotels that cost less .
Me and my wife recently stayed at the Hilton Chicago while on vacation , and I ca n't recommend it enough . The hotel is located right on Michigan Avenue in downtown Chicago , and right next to tons of great restaurants and stores . The rooms are spacious and elegant ; they are modern and stylish without being crazy or garish . I especially liked the big flat screen TV and the very comfy bed , sleeping in hotel rooms is often far from relaxing but I had no problem falling asleep . I highly recommend the Hilton Chicago , I 'll definitely stay there again . A+
I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel , in downtown Chicago . During my three days there I experienced the worst service of my life ! We made reservations before-hand and upon arrival our room was already booked . It took us nearly two hours to actually get into our room ( After being given the wrong key ! ) . When we entered the room , the sheets were stained with what seemed to be cherry kool-aid . I am going to assume that it was n't . After a night on the town we were bummed for money by three homeless men outside the hotel . After arriving in our room and hoping for a nice hot shower , we found a note on our door with a `` sorry '' note explaining they did n't have any hot water . Early the next morning we were awoken by housekeeping ( we had a DND sign on our door ) . So we decided to wake up and go out for breakfast . Comes to find out our car was broken into in their parking garage . We filed a police report and the police asked the managers for a video of the surveillance . Unfortunately for us their surveillance was out of memory to record anymore . Needless to say we left early the next day and I will never return to such a dreadful hotel ever again .
I needed to find a last minute hotel to stay in for the night so i came to this one . First of all the prices for one night are extremely high . The workers at the front desk were not kind at all and treated me like i was a second rate and not on their list of priorities . Then i got into my room and got settled and it smelled of cigarettes and the air conditioner was making loud sounds so i didnt get much sleep . Also the restroom was very dirty and frankly disgusting . The beds were very old and uncomfortable and the tv did not work at all . Overall i am very disappointed with this hotel .
This is an absolutely exquisite hotel , at a great location , and boasting superb amenities . I was here on a personal trip and really enjoyed being so close to the shopping on Michigan Ave . The hotel itself has a pleasant ambiance and the staff made me feel welcome and quickly responded to my requests for various items from the front desk . I appreciated the homey , well-designed interior and views of the city . It was also nice to have good food at my disposal late night so I did n't have to wander the city for my late night meal . This will definitely be my hotel of choice when I return to the city .
While staying at the Swissotel Chicago I experienced some of the worst customer service I have at any hotel . The front desk was extremely rude while checking out , and even seemed to try to hurry us out . The fitness center was always packed and I was never able to get on any of the machines , as was the pool area . While eating at the restaurant , I felt it was a very overpriced meal , but it was very elegant looking . The last issue I had with the hotel was the valet parking , it took them awhile to get my car , and they actually pulled the wrong car around . It was another 10 minutes while I waited for them to sort the issue out . The worst part by far was the customer service , and although the hotel looked nice , it was n't worth the stay with the way I felt I was treated based on the money I was spending . Next time we are in Chicago , we will be staying somewhere else !
My husband and I recently traveled to Chicago on a mini vacation . We stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel in the downtown area . This hotel is simply beautiful . From the time we walked through the front doors until the day we left , we were treated as if we were royalty . I have never been treated so well . We were greeted by staff that sincerely seemed to love their jobs . We stayed in a Superior Corner Suite . The view of the city was the most amazing thing I had ever seen . The rooms were very spacious and clean . The king size bed was extremely comfortable . The room did n't seem like we were in a hotel , it had the feeling of home . There was a separate living room area which was wonderful , my husband and I just sat there one night and stared out the window at the skyline . It was mesmerizing . We ordered room service because we had a long day of shopping , which the hotel is very convenient to a lot of great shopping . Most everything is in walking distance . The food was to die for ; it was as if we were eating at a 5 star fine dining restaurant . We did manage to go down and have a few drinks in the lounge . The lounge had a classy feel to it , very relaxing yet sophisticated . We even received a massage , in our room . While we did have all the conveniences of home , such as internet and TV , we did not even think about using them , being that we just wanted to get away from our everyday lives . This was the most romantic vacation my husband and I have ever taken . I can not express how happy we were to have stayed in this hotel . We had other options but I am so glad we decided to stay here . The rate for the room was so inexpensive for the amount of luxury we were able to experience , which the experience itself is priceless . I will definitely share my experience with anyone and everyone and recommend this hotel .
When you enter the lobby at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel you immediately see that this is a special place where you are going to be pampered . The staff are very friendly and helpful and seem genuinely happy to assist you in any way they can . The check in process is smooth and friendly as I expected . When you enter your room the decor catches your eye . Luxurious yet not stuffy is how I describe it . The restroom tub is large and made of marble . The whole room is tasteful and made to make you feel special yet at home . I highly recommend The Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel to anybody looking to escape for a while .
Hi , I had very bad experience with this hotel , as the rooms had bad smell and very dim light . the bed sheets were not properly cleaned . Also the carpet was dirty though AC was working properly . But i would nor recommend this hotel to my friends as it did not satisfied me . There was a problem with hot and cold water in the bathroom . Please do not go to this hotel , it seems very nice from the pictures and all but in actual its different .
I recently stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel for two night , and my visit was nothing short of disappointing . Expecting to have a wonderfully romantic weekend with my fiance , we specifically chose this hotel because we prefer boutique hotels for the extra attention from the staff and unique atmosphere . Our expectations for the Ambassador were not met . The room was small and , frankly , outdated . The bathroom smelled musty . The A/C in the room had two settings : polar cold or off . The walls did nothing to muffle sound from adjacent rooms , and it was loud at night - a good night 's sleep was impossible . Staff were indifferent . Do yourself a favor and avoid this hotel . Frankly , it 's not worth the steep price and mediocre character . Since there are far better and more accommodating boutique hotels in Chicago , I know I wo n't be back at this place .
I arrived to find that my room was not ready , despite it being past the 3pm check in time . I was not offered any compensation for this , or any real apology , just shunted off to the side to wait it out . This took a good hour and a half , during which time I was needing to be reading for a meeting . Again , no apologies , just my card . The room was adequately clean ( it had better be ... ) though sparsely furnished for the price . It did not feel very welcoming and the decoration was reminiscent of bad nights spent in hot , south coastal motels . I encountered several problems with on site amenities , both in room and out . Some staff tried to be helpful on occasion but were rarely able to make headway , even when I complained on the third night about rowdy neighbors . It seemed as if where there was not apathy or cluelessness there was barely concealed surliness . After the abysmal ( lack of ) service at the hotel bar I elected to eat out every other night ( I declined to try the room service , unimpressed with every other offering so far ) . I would not use this hotel for my business or personal trips .
If you are looking for a true luxury experience , Hotel Monaco Chicago is not the place to go . I stayed here while visiting friends and decided to treat myself to a luxury experience . I did not get it . Check in was not a pleasant experience . The wait was long and the front desk staff were unfriendly and unhelpful . The room was ok , no roaches or anything , but it was small and cramped . And the mirrored headboard on my bed was more tacky motel than fancy hotel . The house cleaning service was really pushy and tried to clean my room at 8:30a in the morning . When I asked them to come back later , they gave me a whole 15 minutes before they came back . And getting extra towels was like pulling teeth . I do n't know if they thought I was going to steal them or what . The room service food that I ordered was fine , but it took forever to be delivered and was half-cold by the time I received it . When I called the front desk to complain , they apologized , but did not offer to compensate me or send me new food . They have a restaurant at the hotel , but I did not bother to try it . The prices were ridiculous , the menu was limited , and my room service experience assured me it was not worth the hassel . I was really disenchanted with this experience . At $ 400 plus dollars a night , I received mediocre accomedations and poor service . Spend your hard-earned money somewhere else .
I have been stayed in Allegro for two days . There are not other big prolems but one thing I 'm not satisfied with is the light . It is dark in the room . Also in the bathroom , the light is not good . I have to open curtains . I have complained about this to their reception . They said they will fix it , but I did not get any response . I am very disappointed and I will never come back again .
I stayed at the Hard Rock hotel in Chicago last year and can say i was not satisfied with my experience . I feel that it did n't live up to what was advertised and the accommodations were sub-par at best . I had the chance to catch a show and the music was too loud and the sound guy 's work resembled that of an amateur . My personal rating is 2/5 stars and i would not recommend this hotel to a friend .
After booking a room over two months in advance at the Hotel Sofitel Chicago Watertower and confirming my reservation twice , I arrived to find that the front desk staff had 'no record ' of my reservation and that the only rooms available were much more expensive than the room that I had reserved . When I asked to speak to a manager , it took almost half an hour for him to turn up . He did finally give me a room at the rate that I had been promised , but did not offer any compensatory discount or bonuses for my inconvenience . The room itself smelled of dog but was otherwise okay . Not worth the rate though . The website really makes this hotel seem upscale , clean , and well decorated , but the rooms are not in the style that you would expect from the lobby . The staff 's response to my request to move to another room because of the obvious dog smell ( which could only mean it had n't been cleaned properly ) was met with contempt . They did move me , but I did not get an apology . Will not stay again .
This hotel is amazing , I would recommend everyone to stay at least one night here if they had the chance . I stayed here on my first honeymoon and they had all the accommodations I expected plus more . I was floored by the friendliness of the staff and they definitely went the extra mile to make everything perfect without any hassle . The restaurants at the Fairmont were amazing as well . When staying at this Hotel , food and wine at their best are portrayed . If I had to make the choice to stay here again , the only thing that I would do differently is schedule the stay to be twice as long ( it was so relaxing ! ! ) . Already booked another stay for next year I enjoyed it so much .
The Hilton Chicago boasts to be one of the greats but falls into a cliche of a hotel . There are many different rooms with a supposed array of choices from King with two bathrooms , Lakeside view or suites . It only looks good on paper that is until you get your bill . You will pay a huge fee for what seems like a nice upgrade but gives you nothing in return ! The staff is nice but when I stay at a hotel I do not go out of my way to seek out the staff . The casual dining atmosphere might be nice for a college couple looking for a getaway but it will not be cheap . Next time I stay in Chicago I will be looking elsewhere .
If you 're looking for luxuary , look no more . The Conrad is the best . I was in Chicago on business , and had to stay much longer than anticipated . A coworker suggested this hotel and boy am I glad he did . The location is perfect , you 're close to everything . The best part is the Conrad is a smoke free hotel . I 'll be back soon . Very Satisfied
What I hoped would be a pleasant stay turned into a nightmare . The first sign of trouble at the Affinia was that they could n't find my reservation . Add to that the room service delivered cold food after a long wait and the mini bar was not well stocked . The internet service was so slow it was unusable . To top it off the street noise seemed to penetrate the thin walls with ease making getting a good night sleep nearly impossible . Finally , I discovered the valet parking , which was a $ 49 premium service , dented my fender and scratched the door paint on my car . I highly recommend going elsewhere when you visit Chicago .
I booked a room at this hotel expecting great accommodations considering the price but was disappointed . The room looked nice , but I found that there were n't any extra blankets in the closet and the heating system was dysfunctional . I came back to the room after a meeting and found that it still had not been cleaned even though it was the late afternoon . I asked for replacement towels and they were very late in coming . I would have expected there to be a shuttle of some sort to the airport , especially since the website advertises the close distance . Instead , I had to call for a taxi and was almost late for my plane because the taxi was stuck in traffic . All in all , not the best experience at all .
I booked my reservations at The Talbott Hotel in hopes of finding luxury and excellent service . What I actually got was far less than that . When I first arrived to check in , the woman at the desk was very impolite and looked rather bored . It took her over 5 minutes to even find my reservation in the computer system ! And I wo n't go into detail about how she messed up with my room keys and had to give me a second set ! When I finally got to my room , the first thing I noticed was that it smelled stale . The air in the room literally smelled like it had been in that room , without any fresh air , for years . I soon discovered my bathroom toilet had a leak , as well , and every time you flushed the toilet , water would trickle out from the base onto the floor . Talk about concerning . I reported this to the desk , and the fellow who answered promised someone would be up right away to fix it . No one showed up until the next day , and very early in the morning , I might add . Later , I called room service and asked for a bottle of wine . It took them half an hour to deliver it to my room ! And it was n't even chilled by the time it showed up , either ; it was lukewarm . Overall , my experience here was not very pleasant , and I do n't recommend booking with this hotel .
I work for a software marketing firm , and that job requires me to travel at least 100 days per year . I spend a large amount of time in hotels . I normally do n't write reviews for hotels , but the Homewood Suites by Hilton were above and beyond . Let 's start where it matters : the rooms . They are top notch . There 's nothing better than walking in to a clean , beautiful rooms after a long day of travel . The beds are among the best I 've ever slept in in hotels . The rest of the room is just as nice and makes me feel at home . The price : Low . I looked for similar rooms in the area at other hotels , and everything else was at least 10 % more expensive . But you do n't get what you pay for here . You get much more than that ! The location : Could n't be better . You want to go to a world class restaurant ? That 's within walking distance . You want a great shopping experience ? Again , walking distance . Anything else you want ? Chances are , it 's within walking distance . Overall , one of the best hotels I 've ever stayed in .
When you stay at a hotel like The James , just from their price point , you expect a certain level of quality . If I pay well over 500 dollars for a room , I do not think it unreasonable to expect not only a quality room , but also a certain level of standard of service . Perhaps this hotel should rename itself The Lebron James , because it has about as much class as he does , and is about twice as pretentious . A handful of baby powder thrown into my face would have been a refreshing break from the level of service I received at The Lebron James . My night of hell began with the clerk , bellboy , or whatever he was , at the front desk , who faked what I assume was intended to be a British accent , but ended up as an unholy melding of Australian and New Englander . A British accent does not make you fancy , or skilled . Once I made my way past Mr. Belvedere and to my room , I was disappointed , not only by its size , which was unusually small , but also a faint scent of cigarettes . Not a strong one , but I could definitely smell smoke . Not acceptable . Then , while I was sleeping , a deep throbbing sound began to emanate from the walls . It sounded technical , mechanical , like an air conditiner malfunctioning . Despite many reassurances from the front desk , the throbbing continued on throughout the night . I demanded the man at the front desk come up and rectify the situation immediately , but from what I could tell , he never came .
My family and I recently attended a wedding in Chicago and stayed at the Swissotel . It was much nicer than we expected . We are used to staying at mid-class hotels and this , by far , was one of the nicest places we 've stayed . The beds were so comfortable and the crib the provided for my infant son was great quality - I was concerned that we would get a rickety 1970s crib ! The bed sheets were so soft that I wanted to take them home ! We will definitely go back to this hotel the next time we are in Chicago .
The Sheraton Chicago is not the place to be if you want to experience Chicago . There are no customer services to provide you with ideas of what to do , and there are n't even any shuttles that will bring you around town . The food in the restaurant at the Hotel serves mediocre burgers and fries , and makes no attempt to emulate the Chicago culture . There are a million other hotels in Chicago , and this is one of the most average . The rooms are fairly decent sized , but they lack amenities like wi-fi and mini bars . The view is nothing special , and the concierge is anything but responsive to phone calls .
Last weekend my wife and i decided to take a weekend trip to Chicago . When looking for a hotel we were n't all that interested in price , but more of a relaxing getaway in the heart of downtown . I did some research and and came across the Amalfi Hotel Chicago . What sparked my interest was it 's location and the fact that they offer in room spa treatments . Located in Chicago 's river north area , it is close to the magnificent mile so we can get all of our shopping done while staying relatively close to the hotel and also do some sightseeing along the chicago river on one of many chicago boat tours , both of which were fantastic ! After a long day out on the town we came back to the hotel to induldge in their in room spa treatments . My wife got the whole works ( facial , manicure and pedicure , and hot stone massage therapy ) , while i enjoyed a deep tissue massage to get rid of some of the pain from walking around all day ! For dinner we went downstairs and enjoyed a fabulous dinner at Harry Caray 's Italian Steakhouse . Best steak I 've ever had , hands down . When we were finished with dinner we just wanted to go back to our room and relax so we hopped into our comfortable king size bed , put in a movie with their in room dvd players and beautiful 32 inch HDTV 's . For anyone looking for a nice relaxing getaway to the great city of Chicago , I would recommend The Amalfi Hotel Chicago to anyone . They offer anything you could ever want in a luxury hotel plus more .
I made my reservation at the Hilton Chicago believing I was going to be staying in a classy hotel with many amenities . Unfortunately , my stay at the Hilton Chicago went downhill from the moment I checked in . There was only one clerk at the front desk , and several guests already waiting ahead of me . Once I finally got checked in and located my room , I discovered that neither of my room keys worked and had to make my way back to the front desk . Finally I made it into my room . It appeared nice enough until I went to use the bathroom and found the toilet clogged . The manager moved me into a new room , so I ca n't complain too much , but still it was a hassle . Finally settled , I was able to relax for the rest of my evening and was looking forward to sleeping in the next morning . That is -- until the front desk called me at 5 am with a wake up call I had not requested ! Needless to say , my overall experience with this hotel left much to be desired and I will choose other accommodations for my next trip to Chicago .
Quite simply the Hyatt Regency Chicago is the business traveler 's best friend . Recently I had to attend a seminar in Chicago and stayed at the Hyatt . To say I was impressed would be an understatement . Centrally located in the heart of downtown , the Hyatt has perfected the art of ultimate guest satisfaction . On arrival the staff goes into overdrive . They make you feel like you are the only guest in this huge hotel . The rooms are very big and elegantly furnished with 100 percent cotton linens . My room came equipped with flat screen tv , wi-fi and high speed internet . Room service was quite extensive and if it was not on the menu they went out of their way to accomodate you . There were also car rental on site as were restaurants , cocktail bar and a 24 hour dining room . They have state of the art conference rooms with high tech features . There is also catering and limo service . The staff is multilingual and the concierge service is very professional . All in all they will pamper you from head to toe and other parts in between . This hotel is definitely worth the price and I will definitely return not as a business traveler but as a tourist who wants to be pampered . My only regret ? That I could not stay much longer .
There are many high-quality hotels in Chicago . There are many high-quality hotels on the magnificent mile and then there is the Affinia Chicago . With its neo-classical stylings and its non-classical service , it is just a combination for trouble , We had established our reservations for Friday the 15th amd arrived at 4pm to check-in . No Room . One hour after their posted check in time and nothing . No apology , no offer for upgrade , no discount . Nothing . As a seasoned traveler I have had my share of disappointments but this tops the list .
The Omni Chicago is hands down , the best hotel in my opinion in the chicago area . I am a neat freak but here you need not worry about cleanliness as they are the best at keeping the rooms tidy . Our check in was easy and fast and the staff at the hotel was very courteous and friendly . I forgot my hair dryer but thankfully , one of the many perks at this hotel , they provide one for you in your room ! That 's a small benefit compared to the lucious pool and dreamy massages they offer ! I have never had a massage like that before ! My favortie thing about the Omni is the high speed wireless internet that is available to all guests . I am able to do my work online in all areas of the hotel which saved me a lot of time as I was not at my office but still had a lot of work to get done . I also LOVED the TV they provide in the room . A big plasma with a beautiful , crisp picture ! I do n't even have that at home ! Needless to say , I spent almost all night lounging in the comfortable bed watching movies only to fall asleep and wake up to the newspaper delivered to my hotel door in the morning ! I will be coming back to the Omni on my next trip to Chicago . That 's a promise .
We recently stayed at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park while travelling for business . What an incredible experience ! Friends had stayed there years ago , but when we showed them our photos , they could n't believe the amazing renovations . While we loved the modern decor and style , our main reason for choosing this hotel was because of what they call Fairmont PURE rooms . I have had so many awful allergy attacks while travelling , so I was n't too optimistic that they could actually make a truly hypoallergenic and allergy-free room . I have to say I felt great during our entire stay . We enjoyed a delicious bottle of wine and incredible cheese and appetizers at Eno . What a treat to get such amazing food and wine without even having to walk out of the hotel . This hotel is truly beautiful , everything you would expect from a high-end , big city hotel . Our stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park did n't disappoint us in any respect . Our only disappointment ? We do n't have a reason to go back to Chicago anytime soon , but I have a feeling we will be making reservations for another visit in the very near future .
I truly enjoyed my stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel . We stayed in a suite , which was clean and extremely nice , at a very reasonable rate . My husband and I spent quite a bit of time in the indoor pool , but personally I preferred laying out on the sundeck . Service was excellent ; they were friendly and all of our needs were met promptly . I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to have a great experience in the downtown Chicago area .
I 've stayed at other hotels in Chicago , but this was the first absolutely horrifying experience . First off the staff was incredibly rude . I could have lived with that being that it was busy , but when the person would not get off their cell phone while a was checking in it had me wanting to pull my hair out . The room was also horrid . It smelled like sex and cigar smoke so bad in there that I was convinced a politician had just checked out after using it for a cheap affair . There was also what looked to be dried snot on the shower curtain . Mark my words : Never again will I stay at this dump !
I 'd expect a `` luxury '' hotel to pay more attention to details . The room really had n't been thoroughly cleaned -- I found hairballs under the bed , the mirrors were streaked , etc . The desk staff took forever to even acknowledge me when I was checking in ; three of them , two on the phone , and nobody even made eye contact for 5 minutes . Then , they gave the vaguest answers to some pretty basic questions about the neighborhood ; you 'd think they 'd know where to find a Starbucks . The internet was ridiculously slow the whole two days I was there .
Superhigh Bill at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago My wife and I decided to take a weekend getaway to celebrate our anniversary . I told my wife that I would take care of everything . I booked the Millennium Knickerbocker because it had a great location , it was reasonably priced for a 4 star hotel and had spa features . The hotel loby seemed nice enough and the staff seemed fine . The problems for us started when we went to our room . I have sinus problems , so I did n't notice the smell in our room , and my wife did n't say anything to me because she wanted to go with the flow and not ruin our weekend . We could n't find the remote for our television and we did n't call down , we were trying to be good sports . We were both disappointed when we realized that our hotel did n't have a pool or hot tub , swimming and relaxing in a hot tub is one of the reasons we go on vacation . Upon checking out I was hit was 250 dollar fee for smoking in our room . My wife and I do n't smoke and there was nothing we could do to get out of the smoking fee . If that was n't bad enough we were hit with a 50 fee for the missing remote control .
DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL ! ! ! ! I would have certainly expected more from the Hilton , especially due to the price I paid for my room and the way the hotel is portrayed . Upon arriving at the hotel I found only one receptionist working and she was too busy texting on her mobile phone to check me in ! I had to wait 15 mins before checking in and she made me feel like I was inconveniencing her ! When I finally got into my room I was appalled . I had a non smoking reservation and the room stank of smoke and there were several visible cigarette burns in the comforter and the carpet . I called down to reception and to confirm that I was in a non smoking room , which I was advised that I was . I had to argue with the receptionist over the room for 10 mins before she agreed to switch my room for another one . One I entered my new room , I found that once again it stank of smoke , but after being too exhausted from my flight I decided that I would sort it out with reception in the morning . BAD IDEA ! I curled up and went to sleep and awoke to the go to the bathroom around 2am where I noticed my legs were COVERED in red welts ! I immediately rushed back into the bedroom and through back the covers to find my bed teaming with bed bugs . I packed my stuff and checked out that night , however a refund was refused . I have since contacted the head office and I am awaiting a response . DO NOT STAY HERE ! ! !
My wife and I booked a room at the Hilton Chicago three weekends ago , as this is a downtown hotel and a well known brand we knew we were going to have to pay a little more but for that additional price we were expecting to get a quality hotel . We were expecting some minutia of luxury . However , this was not the case with the Hilton Chicago . First , we had reserved a room with a king size bed , but they did not have any available and we were stuck with a queen size bed . Now , we did get a reduced price because of this , but we had made a reservations and expected to be accommodated as we had asked . Second , we had to change our room key twice . The room keys they used supposedly lost their `` charge '' . This is what the front desk told us . So , we had to go up to our room , find out the key did n't work , then come back down stairs get a new key , then get back in . This was highly unprofessional , and they really need to look into their key system . Lastly , we were told at the end of our stay that we had no charges on our room . We knew this was accurate , but I always check just in case . But two weeks later when I checked my credit card an additional two hundred dollars of charges were on my card . I had to call and argue with them for twenty minutes before they took it off my card . Suffice it to say we will not be staying there again .
I am often traveling on business and I always try to stay at the James . The modern design of the lobby and restaurant with wood and glass creates a luxurious atmosphere and the streamlined , comfortable room design give an upscale aesthetic like that of a penthouse loft apartment . The availability of computers and coffee in the James ' business centers means I do not have to lug my laptop around the hotel . The James provides the perfect setting for business travelers and is a cozy place to retire to in the evenings . The ease of breakfast service in the rooms means that I do not have to stress or rush , as my time is valuable . I love the James .
Fairmont Chicago was a great choice for my wife and I . We could n't resist the elegant Aria Restaurant and the accommodations . The room was impeccably clean and the city view was utterly amazing . From the moment we checked in , the staff produced a positive atmosphere with genuine hospitality . My wife even suggested we should have had our wedding reception in their beautiful ball room . Overall , I would rate Fairmont Chicago a 10/10 !
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers is my favorite place to stay in Chicago ! I travel to Chicago very often to visit my son , who is training for the U.S. Navy . They make every stay feel like a luxorius vacation . The indoor pool and sauna are amazing , and I never have to miss a workout because the gym is fully equipped . If you dine at the LB Bistro , you must try the Eggs Benedict : ) The staff are friendly and the prices are very reasonable for a hotel of this stature .
Very beautiful hotel . The historic features of this hotel make it absolutely amazing . This hotel offers many great guest accommodations of which I enjoyed the spacious , tidy rooms . The staff here are very friendly , helpful , and professional . The concierge went out of her way to make sure we knew about the area and not just what was in the hotel . I especially enjoyed the service at The Lockwood Restaurant here . Our server was excellent and the food was delicious ! I must say this hotel exceeded my expectations . All in all , my stay was awesome !
I recently stayed at The Talbott Hotel for 3 nights and I could not have been more disappointed . It was a terrible experience . Long wait to check into room since room was n't ready even though I arrived way after the check in time . Front desk was very rude . Was given a smoking room when I had requested non-smoking . Room service left a lot to be desired . The food took forever to arrive and when it did it was cold and unappetizing . The staff at the hotel was not very helpful and was very unfriendly . Had no toilet paper in room . Room was very noisy . Could hear people next door opening doors , watching tv , talking . The room was very dingy , small and had a musty odor . Needless to say I will not be staying here again nor will I be recommending this hotel to anyone else . Stay away from this hotel . Not worth the money .
The Ambassador East Hotel Hello my current visit to the Ambassador East Hotel . I really enjoy my 3 day weekend stay at this Hotel . This was my first time at the hotel and I reserved a king size suite . Inside my room there was nice view of Chicago 's Gold Coast . I really needed to get some work done for my business trip and this room was perfect for the situation . I could easily relax on my king size bed . I watch HBO on a enormous size flat screen TV for free . Also when I did do my work there was nice wooden desk in my room with a desk lamp and wifi modem . It so nice to have my laptop with me and able to use it on a good workstation in my room . After finishing my work I have time to check the complimentary fitness room . Lastly I left the next day , I had one of the finest breakfast dishes from their Pump Room restaurant . Overall the Ambassador East Hotel is a 5 out 5 hotel and really worth the stay .
Our stay at the Hilton Chicago was a pleasure from arrival to departure . The staff was super friendly and helpful , the room was very clean and the location was fantastic . The walking track was an especially nice touch . Highly recommended !
My wife and I stayed at the Abassador East Hotel in August to attend the Air and Water Show in Chicago . I called ahead to ensure a SW view that would allow us to watch the airshow from our room if the weather did not permit us to watch from one of the nearby beaches . Upon arrival at the hotel , not only was our room on the west side of the hotel it was n't even a single king as was requested . Apparently the hotel had overbooked king rooms for the event weekend and we were downgraded to a queen room . The room itself was small and underwhelming . The was not dirty , but the linens and furnishings all had a very old and worn feel . The hotel was packed the weekend we visited . The staff was obviously not prepared to cater to such a large crowd . The concierge and reception desks were continuously busy . The hotel restaurant was very slow and had long waits . The main lobby and other common areas throughout the hotel were also undergoing renovations making getting around and fighting crowds of other people even more difficult ! Luckly the weather was nice and the airshow was enjoyable . We will not be staying at the Abassador on future trips . Hopefully , current renovations will provide a much needed lift to the hotels current worn down vibe ...
I recently was in Chicago on business and chose to stay at the Swissotel , Chicago . The hotel sells itself as being stylish , sophisticated and luxurious and says it is in the center of the city . I would have been better off anywhere else . I was not impressed with the interior , finding them bordering on clinical and too modern for my taste . I guess 'stylish ' might be modern in some people 's minds , but not mine . Also , luxury to me means plush not hard and clinical . When I made my way to reception , I hardly encountered the friendly customer service boasted of on the website . I had organized an executive suite as I was planning to work some of the time from my hotel room , and thought the extra space would come in handy . When I proceeded to check in , the girl at the desk told me , while smacking gum , that I had no reservation . I handed over my booking confirmation and she told me that at first she had spelled my name wrong , even though I had spelled it out for her . She then proceeded to tell me that due to a conference , all of the executive suites had already been allocated , but that they would be happy to assign me to a lake view room . Correct me if I am wrong , but this is a step down from the room I had asked for ! Surely if you give away my room , you should try to compensate me with something better ! I said that no , I really needed more space as I would be using the room as an office , and finally she said that they did have a corner king room available , and that if I wanted to switch the following evening , I would be welcome to do that . The room was ok , although , again , I was disappointed by how cold and clinical it felt . I did attempt to make use of some of the hotel services , but found them sadly lacking . Some comments on the services : the high speed wireless was not available in the room unless you were willing to pay a fee for a cable to connect , and also a per day fee which borders on extortion ! There was free wifi in the lobby , but requires you to sit near the doors which open constantly letting in freezing blasts of air , plus deal with the noise and bustle of people constantly coming in and out . I did phone room service on my arrival to request an extra pillow and towels , but had to wait 2 hours before they arrived . The fitness center and pool which I was looking forward to using , were closed for cleaning when I went up . Breakfast the next morning consisted of continental items , which is not what I would have expected for the money . All in all , I would say your money is better spent elsewhere .
As a former Chicagoan , I 'm appalled at the Amalfi Hotel Chicago . First of all , I was expecting luxury and hospitality , neither of which I received . There 's an Experience Designer who is supposed to be like a `` personal concierge , '' but my experience with my ED was terrible . I felt like he was trying to pressure me into staying more days than I wanted to . Not only that , but I could n't understand what he was saying most of the time because he was talking so fast . When I finally got to my room , I was disappointed with the quality of the furniture and the room 's cleanliness . I had to ask for a maid to come and give me clean towels because some of the towels in the bathroom were damp . On top of that , the bed was messily done ; I could have done a better job on my own bed at home . I was angry at this point , because I was paying a lot of money for every night I was staying at Amalfi , and I did n't expect to be greeted with wet towels . I needed to use the Wi-Fi to download some important documents , and the internet was surprisingly slow . Even a very basic hotel or motel could have offered better , maybe even faster internet access . When I finally checked out of the Amalfi , I made sure that my supposed personal concierge knew all of the problems I 'd had with my room and the hotel . I was glad to see the Amalfi getting smaller in the mirror as I drove away !
I only stayed here for five days , but I will definitely never be going back . The architecture is kind of cool , but the customer service was very poor . I do n't know how much these people get paid , but they must not think it is enough . Breakfast at the The Continental was alright , but it was overpriced . This hotel felt really crowded and the service was impersonal . There are many better places to stay in Chicago .
I recently stayed in The James Hotel in Chicago and trust me I will never do it again . When you pay a premium price you 'd expect first rate service . Our whole experience was a disaster though short lived b/c we could stay their another second . When we arrived at the hotel we had to wait while the receptionist finished playing with her phone for service and then our room was not ready . So we had to wait in the lobby with our baggage . When we finally got to the room I would n't exactly call it clean but it was n't to bad . The pictures on the website are nice enough but the furniture is falling apart and probably from Walmart . There was plenty of space for an average person of 5 ' but I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and the beds where smaller than what they said , not to mention uncomfortable . We ordered room service and not only did they bring us the wrong order but it took 2 hours . There walls were also paper thin so we got little sleep . The heater helped block out some noise until it stopped working in the middle of the night . So the next morning , sore from the uncomfortable bed , hungry tired and cold we checked out before we even had our coffee . Stay away !
Everything you would would expect from a top-notch hotel and exceeded by the service . The trendy decor and easy to access dining gave us a 'second-wind ' pick up after a day of sight-seeing . This hotel is definitely the place that I want to come back to . By the time we left after 4 days and 3 nights , my wife and I wished we had more time to enjoy the restaurant a few more times and the delightful Swiss flare . One of the things we enjoyed the most was seeing the water from our window . The feeling of being pampered can only come from the very gracious hotel staff and this hotel is number 1 in my mind .
This hotel is absolutely beautiful . I is elegant , comfortable and a very relaxing stay . It was easy to get to the airport and very close to shopping . I felt like a king in a castle surrounded by luxury and beauty . I would recommend this hotel to anyone .
Terrible time at The Talbott . When I planned my vacation to Chicago I called ahead and made reservations to stay here . When I went to check in I was told I did n't have a reservation , knowing my credit card was charged I argued with the guy who was working . Finally the only option he gave me was to speak with someone else . Thankfully they knew how to use the computer . I go up to my room and there was a terrible smell of beer and feet . I could not believe it when I complained , I was told to spray some air freshener . I had to go visit family . When I got back my room key did not work . Once again there I was complaining to the helpless employee . He told me the magnetic strip must of came in contact with a magnet . I could not believe the mentality of this guy . I had one more night reserved , I could not take it anymore and I went and spent the rest of my vacation at my Aunts house . I would not recommend The Talbott to anyone .
The Swissotel Chicago hotel aspires to be a tourist 's paradise , a hotel so grand and luxurious that you 'd rather stay than return home at the end of your trip . But is it really as magnificent as suggested ? True , you can get a massage , the rooms have flat screen T.V.s and iPod docks , heck , there 's even a gym . But the truth is , you 're really paying much more for a few things you do n't really need . The Swissotel attempts to lure you in with their illusions of grandeur , when really , all you 're getting is a Holiday Inn style room with fancy wallpaper and the ability to play tunes from your mp3 player . Overpriced dining options are available at the Palm Restaurant . They claim to serve excellent lobster , yet what I ordered was the size of a craw fish , and left the taste of a burnt fifty dollar bill in my mouth . This hotel hides behind a velvet curtain , hoping their facade wo n't be revealed .
The rates at The Talbott Hotel were cheaper than I had expected , and that was my reason for booking a room . I had been prepared for service and a room similar to what I had experienced in the past , and I was quite pleased when I did stay . The room was neat and clean , and the halls were quiet at night . The traffic noise was muffled to the point where it was no problem sleeping either . I did ask one question at the service desk and they answered it nicely , which is good because normally hotel workers can be a bit snippy , especially at night . Overall I had no problems with The Talbott Hotel and I would stay at this here again if I were in the area a second time .
For the amount of money per night that the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel charges , one would at least expect a room with a working bathroom . The toilet would n't flush , the sink dripped and the towels were rough and cheap looking . When I called the front desk to ask for maintenance on the sink and toilet , the staff were indifferent . It was over an hour before anyone arrived to fix the bathroom fixtures , and when they did arrive they were unable to stop the drip in the sink . All in all , I was disappointed with my stay .
My family 's seven day stay at the InterContinental Chicago hotel was more than I could ever imagine . The InterContinental is more fantastic than any previous hotel I have visited , because of its wonderful amenities , such as the excellent 24 hour room service , access to personal trainers , and even a dry cleaning service , just to mention a few . My family really enjoyed dining on the contemporary American cuisine at the hotels Zest Restaurant , which served an excellent meal worth every dime of its reasonable price . My most favorite point about the InterContinental Chicago is that it provides entry right into the Windy City , where my family and I had immediate access to transportation , shopping , and city attractions . We had a great time traveling through Chicago and enjoying ourselves while at the same time we felt secure knowing that we had a nice , clean , elegant , safe hotel to travel back to whenever we were done touring the city each day . The InterContinental is a must stay and I will recommend them to anyone who plans on visiting Chicago .
If anyone is traveling to Chicago , I would strongly recommend the Palmer House Hilton . I have spent two nights in this hotel during a recent business trip and I was impressed by the elegant feel and look of the hotel . I had a guest room with a double bed . At the first sight , the room had perfect decor . The double bed looked comfy and cozy . It was n't just a room because it also came with high speed internet and personalized listening options which were great features for a tired traveler like me . Since I was in a hurry in my two-day stay , I did n't have time to wander around the town for food . It was n't a problem because the hotel offered a few places to dine or simply for snacks . The good thing is that their bar and lounge opened late at night . I can assure you that they had great quality food and drinks . If you are just touring the city , the hotel is quite close to parks , museum , and a lot of shopping places . If you just need a place to stay , the view from the hotel was pretty good as well . Among all the hotels I have spent time in , the Palmer House Hilton tops the list .
My husband and I stayed at the James Chicago Hotel for our anniversary . This place is fantastic ! We knew as soon as we arrived we made the right choice ! The rooms are BEAUTIFUL and the staff very attentive and wonderful ! ! The area of the hotel is great , since I love to shop I could n't ask for more ! ! We will definatly be back to Chicago and we will for sure be back to the James Chicago . Betsy M , Louisville , KY
The Ambassador East Hotel is a business that certainly strives to keep its customers satisfied . Upon my entrance at the Ambassador East , I was greeted warmly . The staff was incredibly pleasant , and the accommodations were top-knotch . The food served at the award-winning `` Pump Room '' was to die for , and the service was fast but friendly .
My husband and I stayed here at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago a few months back . I was n't particularly impressed with their customer service . When we arrived to check in , the front desk clerk was quite rude and unfriendly . She was short with me when I asked her about the city 's attractions and things to do . Our room was n't all that great either . It was rather small and had a weird smell to it . I wo n't be staying here again .
Staying at the Hard Rock Hotel is one of best bets you can ever make while traveling . I stayed at this one the last time I visited Chicago and it was just wonderful . The rooms are amazing and the one I stayed in had a great view of the city . The beds were comfortable and everything was really clean and neat , the Wi-Fi was really fast and always available and I liked the fact that you could get a guitar at the front desk and jam in your own room with a pair of headphones . I did n't have the chance to use the spa , but I could tell it was really nice and relaxing . I did go to the Base Bar a couple times for a drink , very cool atmosphere and great drinks to choose from . The Rock shop was pretty cool too and I bought a bunch of shirts to bring back home to family and friends . Overall I think this is one of the coolest hotels you could stay in , the experience is definitely different than any other hotel I 've stayed in .
The Conrad Chicago is a Michelin rated hotel , so I was expecting great service and wonderful accommodations . Well , only one part of that was correct . The rooms are indeed nicely furnished , but the service was terrible ! The concierge was unable to find my room reservation ( I reserved online and even had the email confirmation ) and was n't very helpful in getting me a new room . I ordered room service , and the wait time was so long that the food came up cold . I mean , I understand that it would take time to get the food prepared and up to my room , but really ? For the price I paid , it was definitely not worth it , and I would never use this hotel again .
Hello , I recently stayed at the Affinia hotel in Chicago , and was very unhappy when I learned of additional charges upon arrival . When I made the reservations over the phone there was no mention of any internet or parking fees . When I arrive I 'm told fee to valet park is $ 49 per day , plus another $ 10 for internet . This is just plain ridiculous , and will remember not to stay here in future . There 's too many other fine hotels that do n't charge these fees .
The Omni Chicago Hotel is a very high quality hotel . This hotel is a very comfortal and high tech place to relax . It has everything you could possibly want to relax , workout , and feel luxurious . A must stay at hotel , I give it five stars .
My husband and I went to Chicago for three nights for a quick get-away . We chose Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park because it was located at the heart of the city , downtown Chicago . The hotel itself was very elegant and modern . The bed was extremely comfortable and I was able to wake up with music from my iPod . I would definitely stay with them again .
This was the best choice my husband and I could have chosen to visit ! The Hotel has stunning views from all around and the best part is that it is near the water ! I was perfectly happy to enjoy the luxurious rooms and comfortable decor while my husband enjoyed the solace the found in the free gym . Everything was so clean and invoting . Especially The Pump Room ; there was so much history in one rooom . Overall , we had a great , relaxing vacation away from the kids . I would definitely return to the Ambassador next time we 're in the area !
Amalifa Hotel in Chicago was an extremely pleasant and exciting hotel experience . I was taken away by the design and decor of the building and the exceptional customer service . I will definitely be returning for another stay !
This is a great place to stay while visiting Chicago . My husband and I went over the holidays to see my family and we stayed at this hotel . We could not have asked for nicer people ! Everyone was always smiling and very helpfull ! We usually stay at the Ramada ... but will never stay anywhere other than the InterContinental Chicago hotel again ! - Casey L. Skinner
Whenever I decided to stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park , the only thing that I had on my mind was the idea of taking that time to relax and enjoy some time with my husband . However , the hotel choice was n't the best . Right in the front desk when we arrived there we had problems with our reservation . The room that we had reserved was occupied and so we had to switch to some other room , which was much smaller than the original one . The hotel did give us a discount , but if I 'd paid for the large room was because I wanted the it . A hotel with this name should n't put its guests in these kind of situation . I wont be reserving room there again .
excellent staff and customer service , very clean and spotless . elegant and luxurious with a beautiful ocean view . the bed is very comfortable and relaxing . i give it a five star .
I had the misfortune of being booked at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago a few weeks ago . What a joke . To start off , the housekeeping staff must be on strike or they are very understaffed . I do n't know who made the bed up in my room , but it could have been done better by my 7 year old . Ditto the bathroom . Water spots , soap scum and ( ugh ) hair of ALL kinds in the sink , tub and about the floor . GROSS . I requested non-smoking , either they did n't listen or did n't care , but my room and the linens smelled like an old ashtray . The `` beautiful view '' was ruined by water spots - not outside ( which is forgiveable ) but INSIDE ! And they were sticky . I stayed only one night . The Holiday Inn had rooms available , and they were clean . Never Again .
Atrocious . Here 's our story : My wife and I are Californians but met as students at the University of Chicago . To celebrate our 10th anniversary , we decided to travel back to the Windy City and revisit all of the places we frequented when we were first falling in love . When it came to lodging , we knew we wanted a suite but little else mattered . We wanted to revisit the city and did n't intend to spend very much time in our room . As a result , we did n't spend very much time researching hotels . Big mistake . Our stay at Homewood Suites could not have been worse . Our room , which , I should mention , took a full two hours for them to prepare even though we had booked it months in advance , was filthy . ( My wife found a dead cockroach in the bathroom . ) The staff was rude and indifferent . The chocolates included in the Romance Package could not have cost the hotel more than a dollar . Cleaning staff failed to show up . Front desk offered apologies but little else . Suffice it to say , we checked out early . Never before have I seen such a poorly-managed hotel . Truly shameful . Stay away !
Staying at the Sofitel was one of the less pleasurable experiences I have had in Chicago . Upon entering , there was no one offered to take my luggage so I was forced to carry it up to the check in desk . The front desk staff was not friendly or welcoming . The room was smaller than I expected and smelled of fake suede . I decided to have drink and some food in Le Bar and upon entering , I immediately noticed how dimly lit the room was . I could barely see the bartenders face . The drinks were alright and the food was sub-par compared to what I was expecting . After an hour , I was ready for bed so I returned to my room to lay down . The mattress was surprising stiff . The noise was higher than expected as well . Thankfully , it was only a one night stay .
I must say , this hotel is absolutely beautiful . My wife and I were blown away by the penthouse fitness center and pool all the way up on the 42nd floor . Very well designed rooms with great linens and pillows . The bathrooms were a nice change of pace from the boring hotel bathrooms we usually see . Overall an excellent experience here , great views and close to everything you could want to do in Chicago .
My stay at the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago was without a doubt one of the worst hotel experiences in my live . I was there for a week long conference . Although my reservations had been made months in advance , they did not have a suite for me when I arrived , resulting in having to stay in another hotel for the first night . Once my room was ready , I was disappointed by the cleanliness and the limitation of the kitchen : barely large enough to move around , and very few utensils to cook with . The pool was only open for limited hours , and I should not have bothered bringing a swimsuit . At night I was kept awake by the noise coming from adjacent rooms and the traffic outside . My overall experience was a stay in an overpriced suite . I will not book here ever again .
After arriving at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower hotel I was greeted with rudeness and snubery . My room reservations had been double booked , and instead of the suite I expected , I was given a much smaller guest room . Instead of having a concierge I had cockroaches . The dining left me wishing for fast food . The bar left a bad taste in my mouth with the cheap liquor and hot beer .
We just returned from a relaxing stay at the InterContinental in Chicago . I have to say the service was phenomenal ! From the maid to the concierge and everyone in between , the staff treated us like royalty . It was quite the treat to feel so special . Our room was gorgeous . The view of the city was breathtaking . The luxury mattress and bedding made for the most comfortable peaceful slumber . We found the marble bathroom stunning and impeccably clean . My wife was very pleased with the lighted make-up mirror while I enjoyed the reliable Wi-Fi connection . During our stay we dinned in the Zest . Wow ! They offer an extensive wine menu and a full array of gourmet food options . We had to try the famous wiener schnitzel -- it was scrumptious . Afterwards , my wife and I shared the chocolate lava cake , can I just say oh that cake is to die for ! Really the best we ever had . In the morning we spent some time working off dinner at the junior olympic swimming pool ; followed by an exhilarating round of cardio in the hotels dedicated cardio room . Afterwards , a trip to the sauna was a well deserved refuge . Overall , our stay at the InterContinental in Chicago was nothing short of fabulous . This luxury hotel is complete with the finest of amenities and the most caring staff . We are looking forward to staying at the InterContinental again , hopeful soon !
I recently stayed at this hotel not to long ago . Sure , it looks nice , but it 's really just a smoke screen . I went to the clerk to check in and she was VERY rude to me . I was asking about nearby attractions and she abruptly cut me off to tell me that I need to go find a phone book and ask someone else . She also encoded my key wrong , so I had to have it redone . I finaly get to my room , only to discover it was a mess . The sheets were thrown on the floor , the curtains were wide open and to top it all off , the toliet had n't been flushed . It was horrible . I called the front desk to have a maid come and fix it up , but I was told they were on break . Whatever thoguh , I cleaned up myself . The night progresses and I awaken to the sound of someone beating on my door . Some guy said that I was in HIS room . It baffled me , but we went straight down to the lobby and got it cleared up . They had given his the wrong room . I could n't take one more day of all the bull . I checked out early the next morning and stayed at a different hotel for the remainder of my visit to Chicago . I would NOT recommend this hotel to ANYONE .
For all the hype and rave reviews of the Talbott Hotel , it seemed to me that it would be a mistake to NOT stay there , not the other way around . The Talbott Hotel website claims to have `` opulent accommodations , impeccable service , and unexpected delights . '' The last time I checked , `` opulent '' had a bit of a different meaning than `` easily outdone by the senile 90-year-old landlord of your college apartment , '' `` impeccable '' was n't code for `` rude and unfriendly , '' and `` unexpected delights '' were more fun than a faint but obvious stain on your sheets at a hotel . Overall , my stay here simply was n't worth the money or the hassle involved in making the correct reservations . For a lot less , I could have been treated rudely and had a mediocre stay in a more casual environment .
This might be a classy looking hotel in downtown Chicago , and while the location is not bad , the rooms are definitely hit or miss . They range from the super basic `` affordable '' room to the presidential and huge suites that only presidents could probably even afford . With so many different room options , it 's no wonder they have difficulty honoring your exact reservation if you check-in past 4:00 pm . The hotel has a decent pool , but the health club is extra per day , as are many other services at the hotel . You 'd imagine that for the price of a stay here ( $ 160 up to multiple hundreds ) that more things would be included ! Additionally , the check-in staff was a bit snobby and unhelpful . I really would expect great service for the high price of a stay here . If I were to return to Chicago again , I 'd definitely try out staying somewhere else .
During a recent business trip to Chicago I had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Allegro . The lobby gave a good first impression . It was a very clean with a modern designer 's feel and the customer service was great . I proceeded to the counter to check-in and within 5 minutes I had the key to my room . I was told to check out the infamous 312 restaurant but I was tired from my flight . I checked into my room . The room was great . A king size bed 37 '' flat screen tv and standard desk all designer furniture . After I unpacked I had to check my email . Hooking up to their Wi-Fi was quick and painless ! I had a good night sleep and early wake up the next day for my business meeting . I decided to try the restaurant for breakfast . I had an omelet and fruit . The restaurant was great and the food was perfect . I only wish I had more time to stay and enjoy lunch ; nevertheless duty called . The concierge had my taxi waiting for me right after breakfast and I was off to work . I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago . It 's one of the best I 've ever stayed at after multiple business trips .
How should I start ? Well , after staying at the Ambassador East Hotel , i realized it was my favorite hotel ever . The rooms are amazing . The food is great . The Pump room bar is awesome . I love this hotel . If your ever in Chicago , the Ambassador East Hotel is the place to go .
The Hotel Monaco is a hotel that some say has `` character '' . I found the decor tacky and had a hard time relaxing in the room designed with clashing colors and `` contemporary furniture '' . I found the fact that you have to be a member of the Kimpton rewards club to get free wi-fi access to be annoying at the least . Because of their pet-friendly policy , our room smelled like a wet dog , and a canine `` guest '' down the hall kept us up all night with his howling . Perhaps the dog would have howled less if the 24-hour room service were faster . We waited an hour and a half for our order : meaning we did not get our dinner we wanted at 10:00 pm until midnight ! All in all , we would not stay here again . The views and location are great , but for the money there are better places to stay in Chicago .
The Swissotel Chicago is a very mediocre hotel , the service is always poor , and the room service food always comes cold , unless it 's supposed to be cold than it comes warm . I would rather stay at a super 8 than this place again .
This hotel was wonderful . My room was clean and the staff was courteous . The food provided by the restaurant was exceptional . This was on of the best hotel stays , ive experienced . I highly suggest this hotel to others .
At first my husband and I were really excited for our family to enjoy the T-Rex Experience package . We figured it would be a great deal package even though the hotel itself felt too `` ritzy '' for us to travel with our four children . But after two nights of downtown Chicago fun we realized that The Talbott transcends it 's ritzy look and truly embraces a family friendliness which we thoroughly enjoyed .
The Omni Chicago Hotel I am a business woman who travels a great deal out of a month , therefore , my accommodations must meet the highest standards . I was booked for a stay at The Omni Chicago Hotel , located in what is referred to as ' The Magnificent Mile ' in the greater Chicago area . ' Magnificent ' , it was ! The beautifully red-bricked sky scraper was indeed a breath- taking sight and upon entrance , I had a felling of warmth from the very hospitable welcoming staff . I was impressed with the hotels special rates offered during prime business hours and the guest rooms ranged everything from ' The Presidential Suite to The Governors Suite ' . I accepted a more humble room as I would not need to spend very much time there during the day . I did stay inside most nights and the amenities were more than satisfactory . I enjoyed the very spacious exercise room and afterwards , I would take a quick dip in the pool . I toured the hotel as my niece is planning her wedding and just so happens to live close to the hotel . The ' Chagall Ballroom ' , was elegant enough for such an occasion and reeked of pure luxury . I was given very adequate maps and directions to and from as my business was conducted throughout the city . That was a life saver . All in all , my experience was more than favorable and I would definitely stay there again along with recommending it to anyone .
The Hyatt Regency Chicago hotel is perfecty located in the center of downtown Chicago . Whether you are going there for business or pleasure , it is in the perfect place . The rooms are large and beautiful and the ball room took my breath away . The wi-fi connection was perfect for the work I needed to do and the show at the Navy Pier was perfect for when I needed a break . Other hotels have nothing on the Hyatt . I just wish there was a Hyatt Regency in every city for all of my business trips .
My wife and I live in the Western Suburbs of Chicago . For our anniversary , we booked a night at the Fairmont based on recommendations from friends . While the staff of the hotel was quite friendly and helpful and the location ideal for a night out in the city , the accommodations themselves were not up to our expectations . For starters , we requested a non-smoking room which we did receive . However , the hallway leading up to our room had a distinctive smell of smoke which certainly was a turn off for both of us . While the room was certainly adequate , the bathroom light had a distinct flicker and there was no complementary shampoo included . While the latter may seem like a minor offense , it is not what one expects from hotel of such reported quality . Finally , the cost of parking seemed to be somewhat inflated even for Chicago 's standards . In summary , the Fairmont is a decent quality hotel but for the price , I am sure we could of done better .
My husband and I were sorely disappointed in this hotel . We had requested a non smoking room , and right off we were hit with the stinch of stale cigarettes when we opened the door . The front desk was not responsive to our needs at all , but we did finally get moved to a new room . The water pressure in the shower was hardly enough to get the shampoo out of our hair and the beds were lumpy . I was very disappointed in the workout room , it was very small so I decided to swim laps instead , but when I got to the pool it did n't look like it had been maintained all week . Needless to say we wo n't make the mistake of staying with Homewood Suites again .
I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago while in town for business , and enjoyed my stay very much . I stayed in a room with a king bed , which was very comfortable . The room had all the things I needed for my stay , which was nice . The only thing is I think there was a party on my floor , but they quieted down quickly enough . My room even had an internet connection ! I also had dinner one night at the China Grill , and it was an amazing meal ! Overall , I had a great stay , and will return next time I am in Chicago .
The James Chicago Hotel is located right in the heart of the one and only , downtown Chicago . This wonderful hotel has many classy and down to earth boutique 's , and the views are breath-taking . The hotel just has a warm feeling to it , and the hotel staff is more than excellent . This hotel is situated right across from the Magnificent Mile , and only minutes away from the world famous shopping , dining , and fun for all ages . The James is modern and luxurious . The James is definately a hotel that I would recommend and will go back to in years to come .
I accompanied my husband on a business trip to Chicago back in September and we stayed at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel . The place was absolutely oozing with old-fashioned charm ! Also , there were plenty of shopping opportunities within walking distance , so I shopped while my husband worked . It just does n't get any better than that ! I loved the service we received and the ambiance of that grand old hotel , and I 'd definitely stay there again !
This hotel was very overpriced for what you get from staying here . The Amalfi Hotel Chicago advertises itself as a `` luxury hotel '' located in downtown Chicago . Since it is in downtown Chicago , that means that I had street noises keeping me up most of the night . My view also suffered . They had nicer rooms available with better views , but the markups to stay in them was outrageous ! The room itself was decent , with clean linens and nice air conditioning , but I can get that in just about any hotel these days . There was n't anything particularly luxurious about the hotel to make it a stand-out for me , but for the price I paid for the room , I certainly had that expectation . It was a let down .
having stayed in standard hotels before , when my wife suggested we stay in an upscale hotel for our weekend in Chicago I was skeptical to say the least . After staying at the Amalfi Hotel I may never stay in a regular motel again ! Right off the bat instead of a 40 foot counter with snooty workers or kids that started two days ago they have individual desks for check in with people that *gasp* have a clue as to what they are doing . We got the steakhouse package deal at the on-site Keefer 's Steakhouse restaurant the food was the highest quality and cooked to perfection . The room was spacious had robes and slippers , a stocked mini-bar , The mattress was comfy , and the whole room was clean . The staff was amazing and had no problems bringing extra towels and pillows for my wife . In the morning the continental breakfast was served on each floor instead of herding into the lobby which I loved cause I love breakfast but not crowds . Unfortunately for me the hotel was close to a lot of shopping , my wife was in heaven however , and we spent a large portion of the day on the magnificent mile attempting to max out my credit cards . The whole trip I believe was made special by the atmosphere of the hotel and its staff I would recommend the Amalfi to anyone visiting Chicago .
My husband and I recently stayed at your Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago , and what a fantastic experience it was . We stayed in one of the 'Extreme Suites ' and let me tell you it was beautiful . The furniture and paintings were amazing and the view was to die for . The staff treated us really well and met all of our needs and then some . I especially loved the spa . We stayed for a week but I could have stayed a lot longer . It was very comfortable and welcoming . We will make sure to recommend your hotel to our friends and will be back the next time we are in Chicago . Thanks so much !
I had high hopes for the Hilton Chicago , but I am sad to say that I am disapointed . Not only is it outrageously expensive ( over $ 200 for two people for one night ) , but they expect you to pay over $ 40 to park your car ! They do not offer free Wi-Fi , but instead I had to pay $ 20 to get on the internet in my room . I had to wait until 3 pm to check in ( even though my flight was in the morning ) and I had to rent a car at the airport because the hotel did not offer transportation too and from . After all of this stress , the Hilton Chicago did n't have an in hotel bar either . I doubt I will stay here again !
I got married in the Chicago area this passed weeknd and my guests all stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel . They had nothing but nice things to say about it ! My husbands mother is terribly picky about where she stays and this hotel met her needs . The rooms are decorated so nicely and they do n't have that funny hotel smell . The Pump Room was a fun place for the men to hang and watch sports . If I 'm ever in the area again I will be sure to book a room at the Ambassador East Hotel !
The Ambassador East is a particularly crappy property , given the numerous quality hotels in and around the Gold Coast . Unfortunately , I saw an amazing rate and decided to book -- this experience will be a reminder that you get what you pay for . While the lobby was gorgeous ( and appears to match the photos on the website ) the room I was assigned was run down , and looked nothing like the photos posted on the website . It looked like someone had put a quick coat of paint on the walls , but the furniture was old and the fixtures in the bathroom were rusty . The room also smelled of must or mildew . While the room did have air-conditioning as advertised , it was an in-window unit that sounded like it was on its last leg . I was only here for a single night , but had I been here for anywhere longer I would have requested a refund . Please , if you 're staying in this part of town , do yourself a favor and book at any one of the numerous other properties around here . The Hampton Inn and Hilton Garden Inn are both nearby , clean , and often have special-offers -- these are n't the only properties in the area , but both of these will save you a potentially unpleasant stay .
This hotel allowed me to experience the best of Chicago . The central downtown location was perfect for me and my boyfriend to come and go as we pleased , whether during the day or at night . It was a great get-away spot for me to relax away from work . Probably one of the best beds I 've ever slept on . The Italian food that they served at Harry Carey 's reminded me of when I lived in Italy . Overall a completely amazing experience . I ca n't wait to book my next stay here .
I just came back from this awesome , terrific hotel last week , and I have to say -- I loved it ! My wife and I were there for a week due to a business meeting , and right when I stepped into the hotel , I knew that this business vacation will be well spent . The customer service was very great , and an employee even guided us toward our room ! We were introduced to a fantastically lit room with 2 beds , a flat screen TV , and even free internet access . My wife loved it , and kept on using the free shampoo and body bath soap . When I headed down to the lobby for my conference , I got lost , and asked one of the people who worked there where my meeting might be held . He leaded me to the door , and I was very impressed . There is a fitness center which I went everyday , and this great restaurant called C-House situated nicely next to the hotel lobby , where I had a nice steak and my wife a salad . All in all , I thought that the trip was really worth it , and my stay was very welcoming at the Affinia Chicago . I highly recommend that whenever you visit Chicago you should stay there , you will not regret it .
The room was very pretty , and the location is great , but the hotel is so big and they do n't have the staff to take care of everything . The heating in our room was loud , making it difficult to sleep . The gym is not big enough , and the hotel parking garage is very expensive . The hotel has so many guests that the lobby was too loud to relax in . We did n't get great service at the hotel bar , and the bar ran out of bar snacks because so many people were in the bar area . Later we asked for directions to the restaurant we had dinner reservations at , and the hotel staff we asked did not know how we could get there . The next morning , the cleaning staff tried to get in while we were still in the room .
I have to agree that the InterContinental Chicago is a nice hotel from the outside . But it is not a nice place to stay if you are planning to visit Chicago . The ambience of the hotel looks bland and they also have the same amenities as other cheaper hotels . You can get an excellent dining experience somewhere for less .
Friendly staff , clean building and rooms . The hotel was located nearby everything we were interested in seeing . Staff was willing to help give directions and very knowledgable of city . Rooms were beautifully designed and well lit , spacious and comfortable .
My husband and I recently spent 3 nights at the Ambassador East Hotel . We will never stay at this hotel again . For the steep price we paid to stay there , we expected a friendly staff and clean room , which we did not get . First of all , the rooms are not clean . We found a few bugs in our room and the sheets did not look like they have been recently changed . When we reported this information to the hotel staff , they did not do anything to help us out . The staff is very unfriendly . Also , there were no clean towels to use in the bathroom .
My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency while attending a family wedding in Chicago . From the moment we entered the beautiful lobby we were treated as if we were returning friends . Our rooms were ready upon arrival , and they were just as impressive as when I viewed them online . The location could n't be more convenient to access all of Chicago 's shopping and dining areas . We dined in Seston 's Chop House , which I highly recommend . The staff at the hotel are professionals who work to make your stay there a grand experience . The Hyatt Regency Chicago is the only place we will stay when we return to the Windy City !
The rooms were beautiful ! The staff was friendly and helpful . I love where the Conrad in Chicago was located , it seemed to be close to a lot of places I wanted to visit . Chicago was great , and the Conrad Hotel made my family and my stay that much more exceptional !
I recently stayed at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago . Although I visit this fun city quite often , I was somewhat disappointed with the service and noise in a hotel that is called `` luxury boutique '' . To begin with , our `` Experience Designer '' was somewhat put-offish and cool . She did not really have a grasp of all the wonderful things to do in Chicago . Although she did look up some attractions , it seems like she may have recently arrived from LA . As far as the room , it was indeed luxury and had nice lighting and decoration . However , the noise from the adjoining room was unbelievable and kept us up all night . Most likely , the walls are very thin , and construction is not the greatest . Who wants to hear the neighbors , especially when they are honeymooners or whatever ! So we probably will not stay there again . The location is great , the cocktails fine , the luxury is there , but other than that , it is the pits . Weary Traveler , San Francisco
My husband and I arrived for a 3 night stay for our 10th wedding anniversary . We had booked an Executive Guest room , upon arrival we were informed that they would be upgrading us to a beautiful Junior Suite . This was just a wonderful unexpected plus to our beautifully planned weekend . The front desk manager was professional and made us feel warmly welcomed . The Chicago Affinia was just a gorgeous hotel , friendly staff , lovely food and great atmosphere . Not the mention the feather pillows and bedding that was just fantastic . Also we were allowed to bring out beloved Shi-Tzu and he experienced the Jet Set Pets stay . The grooming was perfect , the daycare service we felt completely comfortable with . This was a beautiful weekend , thank you Affinia Hotels ! We would visit this hotel again !
I recently had the misfortune of staying at the Swissotel Chicago hotel in Illinois , and it was one of the worse travel experiences I have ever had ! First off the shuttle that was suppose to pick us up at the air port was late by over an hour ! Then when the bus finally came , the driver was nice enough but it was clearly his first day on the job since he got lost going back to the hotel . Finally when we got to the hotel they didn ; t seem to have our reservation for the 2nd room . ( my wife and I stay in one room , our teenage girls usually stay in their own room . ) So after the very rude clerk at the corner did nothing to help us we were forced to pack into one room . we would have rented another room but they had no vacancies left . They hotel did have a large occupancy rate , but that only slowed up everything else . our room service was late almost everytime we ordered , and the hotel restaurant never had a wait less then 45 mins . The quality of the room was fair enough , but it was almost impossible to get room service , we could not get fresh towels for almost 2 days ! We were suppose to stay for a week , we left after 4 days and found a different hotel to stay at . I would not recommend this place to anyone ! stay away !
For the price , you would think this would be a top quality hotel , but it was nowhere close . Service at check-in was slow and unfriendly . The room was even worse . It was small , dirty and smelled like stale cigarette smoke even though I had requested a non-smoking room . The cover on the bed was stained , there was hair all over the bathroom floor , and the curtain rod was almost falling off the wall . Everything looked tired and in desperate need of a remodel . I also did n't appreciate having to pay for wifi , when other premium hotels offer it for free . Overall , this was one of the worst hotels I have stayed at in a long time , and considering the price , it was terrible .
After recent week stay at the Affinia Hotels , I can definitely say i will be coming back . They offer so many in room amenities and services , Just a very comfortable and relaxed place to be . My most enjoyable experience at the Affinia Hotel was the amazing customization they offered , I would recommend Affinia hotels to anyone looking for a nice place to stay .
My husband and I recently stayed at the Conrad Chicago for three nights , a Thursday through Saturday . Let me say we were less than pleased with our experience . We chose to stay in the `` King Bed Deluxe Room '' and for an average of over three hundred dollars a night we were sorely disappointed with the accommodations . Upon entry the room looked as though it had not been cleaned thoroughly , the rug looked dirty and there were crumbs or something on the dresser . The room was size was average , and again for three hundred dollars a night we were expecting a almost suite type room . The major annoyance was how loud people were . We came in after midnight each evening and long after we went to bed we could hear people coming down the hallway yelling and running . That is totally unacceptable for a supposed high end hotel . You can expect a loud guest maybe once , but every night is ridiculous . The service was also extremely sub par . We had to wait 20 minutes at check in because the girl at the counter was too busy talking to another employee about what she was going to do after work . One day we put the no house cleaning sign on the door and a maid literally walked in on me . She completely disregarded the sign , did not even bother to knock and just unlocked the door and came right in . It scared me and I 'm just glad I was not getting out of the shower or changing . So to sum up , we will never stay at the Conrad again , we will never recommend it to anyone else , and for the money there are a hundred much better hotels to stay at in Chicago .
Very nice hotel , better than expected . The hot breakfast is great in the morning , but the Dinner at night goes above and beyond ( even free wine ! ) The rooms are pretty good size , well furnished , and clean . I liked the view from my room . I used the fitness center and although did not have everything I would have liked , was adequate . I will say the pool is really nice and offers a pretty sweet view . The staff was friendly and helpful ; being my first time in Chicago they were able to point me in the right direction and saved me some frustration . I would definitely recommend this hotel .
The Palmer House Hilton , while it looks good in pictures , and the outside , is actually a disaster of a hotel . When I went through , the lobby was dirty , my room had n't been cleaned , and smelled thoroughly of smoke . When I requested more pillows , the lady on the phone scoffed at me and said she 'd send them up . It took over an hour for 2 pillows . This hotel is a good example that what you pay for is n't always what you get . I will not be returning .
When my new fiance told me about his business trip to Chicago I was quite annoyed . Mostly because he insisted I come along . He made up for me so not wanting to come along and be alone all weekend , with this wonderful hotel . His mother told him all about this hotel when she and her husband stayed here in the summer of 2008 . She loved it..and so did I ! I was so bummed about being all alone for most of the weekend , but the decor , wonderful staff and massages made up for it ! I spent my time in the spa and the asian restaurant and could n't have asked for a better experience ! I am definately coming along on the next business trip !
The Hilton Chicago was amazing ! ! It is close to almost everything that Chicago has to offer ! We could walk to Lake Michigan , Grant Park , Niketown , Watertower place , etc . The rooms were very nice and refreshed every day . Also , they allow pets ! ! You do n't have to go far to get good food because they have a few different restaurants right there ! Overall experience was an A++ .
When my husband and I went to Amalfi Hotel we were expecting first class service . First , when we got there we learned they had given our room to another guest and we were not able to get a suite like we had booked . Room service took forever and the food was subpar . Supposedly they had planners to help explore the area , but we requested one and never saw hide nor hair of a planner . The spa staff seemed incompetent . The only positive things I can say about Amalfi Hotel was that the rooms were stylish as advertised . I give this hotel two stars .
The Swissotel Chicago is a delight to visit . Located in downtown Chicago this hotel has nine different styles of room accommodations to serve everyones taste . They have children friendly rooms as well as the exquisite presidential suite . Rooms have exceptional views of downtown Chicago . This hotel also has a penthouse fitness center and pool for entertainment . Other places to stop by to eat is the Palms , Geneva and the Lobby Lounge .
I have to thank the Ambassador East Hotel for providing a really great experience for my family . We never leave our dog at home when we travel , and it 's been a long time since we 've been able to find a place of this caliber that allows pets . The staff even spent time cooing over how cute our dog is when we asked about local clothing boutiques . My husband liked the fitness room . It was nice and clean , with plenty of extra towels available . It was colder than we expected with the wind blowing in off the water , but the concierge knew exactly where we should go for jackets and scarves . We will definitely be staying here next time we visit Chicago . We would make the trip just to stay here . That 's how welcome we felt when we stayed at this hotel .
My friend and I visited Amalfi Hotel last week when we were in Chicago and found it to be a great place , very sophisticated and luxurious , with lots of attention to detail in the decor and wonderful customer service . The beds were comfortable . The room service was great as was the gym ... I fully enjoyed the views from the hotel room ... so beautiful at night ... the city scape . And in the morning , the free continental breakfast was delicious . It was a wonderful experience being at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago . I am eager to visit there again .
This was my first time in Chicago and I tell you they really made me feel like a million bucks . I took a taxi straight from the airport and was greeted at the door by a kind gentlemen who offered to help me with my luggage and assisted me to the check-in counter . I made my way up to my room , which was spectacularly bright and well-lit , then I ordered some food . All in all the food was delicious and the staff were fantastic . If I did n't have such a short stay in Chicago I would have stayed in my hotel room all day !
The Talbott Hotel was very classy , professional , and luxurious . I loved how the staff was nice and respectful . I was treated like i was royalty when i was there , when in checked i was greeted by all of the people working behind the front desk and was offered a tour of the hotel . They took my bags and put them in my room while i was taking the tour and they even escorted me to my room right after we were done . This is a very nice and modern looking and their rooms are spacious and clean unlike other hotels in their area . I have recommended this hotel to all of my family and friends and would recommend it to anyone who is going to stay in that area .
I have just returned from my first stay at the remodeled Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park and all I can say is fabulous ! The modern decor and style hits you the minute you walk in . The front desk is a work of art . I stayed in the anything but standard guestroom . The modern decor , the beautiful artwork , this is the most relaxing hotel room I have ever stayed in . The bathroom is like having your own personal spa , all the marble tile is classic and modern at the same time . The rainfall showerhead is to die for people . If you have the time be sure to check out the fitness center and spa . Great new equipment to work up a sweat and all the pampering a body could ever needs awaits in the spa . I wish I could have stayed longer , next time I will be sure to add a couple of `` me '' days to my trip and I 'm sure I wo n't even think of going outside those doors .
The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago is great alternative to ordinary hotels . The hotel is decorated with a huge variety of music memorabilia that makes the stay worth it alone . The hotel is often visited by many talented artists including singers , dancers , actors etc . The staff were very polite and helpful and always pleasant . The rooms were very clean and nicely decorated , as were the common areas and hallways . I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone staying in the area .
Problems started when I booked the InterContinental Chicago online at the hotel 's site , and got a server error . Somehow I managed to get my reservation , and wish I had looked elsewhere on this great Chicago street , filled with plenty of other options . The server errors continued at check in and did n't let up . I was on a holiday weekend , but far too many others must have been pushy conventioneers , and I had trouble getting served . The hotel is enormous and does n't give a sense of comfort . The health facilities are also just too big , so noisy and crowded . And Internet access was $ 18 a day , kind of surprising when I can go around the corner to a Starbucks ! Next time , I 'll pick a more intimate place nearby -- without so many `` server errors '' .
The Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago is a fantastic up-scale hotel to stay in while visiting the Windy City . My fiancee and I enjoyed one of the king rooms on our recent stay . The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful - some of the best I 've ever dealt with when traveling , and valet parking is always a perk ! The rooms were very nice and had all the amenities you would want when at a high-end hotel . The bed was extremely comfortable ! There was cable TV , of course , and HBO was included , so there was always something to watch . Wireless internet signal was excellent and I had no trouble getting online . We had dinner in the hotel restaurant twice during our stay , and the food was fantastic ! Great atmosphere as well - we usually only do the hotel restaurant one night on a stay , but this one was worth going back to ! Overall , it was an incredible stay , and we hope to stay at the Ambassador East again next time we 're in Chicago !
Stay away from the Hyatt Regency Chicago . I recently had to spend the weekend in Chicago on business , and expected this hotel to provide an experience beyond that of some seedy dive in the bad part of town , but alas , I was left disappointed . I arrived in the afternoon , my flight having been delayed , ready to rest for a few hours before starting my evening . Unfortunately , my room was not ready . It should have been ready hours earlier , but perhaps the inclement weather that had delayed my flight had also delayed the hotel staff . In any event , I was advised to wait in the bar , creatively named BIG Bar . They seemed annoyed that I wanted only water , not seeming to understand that it was not by my own choice that I spent time in their hideously noisy establishment -- I wanted only to relax in my room . I waited there for over an hour before checking back in at the front desk . Was my room ready yet ? 'What room ? ' they replied . To my astonishment , it seemed that I no longer had a reservation ! How this came to pass , I do not know , and the boy behind the desk was certainly unable to enlighten me . I explained that I was simply waiting for my room to be cleaned , or furnished , or renovated , or whatever they were doing to make it ready , but my words were nothing against those of the almighty computer , who spake `` Guest Not Found '' or some nonsense and who had the final say in such matters . I requested the manager , who was unavailable , presumably because the staff had not yet managed to get him ready either . Finally , I admitted defeat and slunk out from the hotel , with fewer regrets than I would have imagined , to find a better place to spend the night -- a park bench surrounded by pimps and thieves would have been more inviting at that point . As it was , I found another hotel , better priced , better staffed , and with rooms ready for my custom . So if you are looking an experience like no other , book a room at the Hyatt Regency Chicago . If you want a place to sleep , look elsewhere .
My family and I vacation in Chicago and stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel . Upon our arrival we were greeted happily and the kids received FREE bagpacks for their stay which they loved . The staff was great and always greeted us as we walked in and out of the hotel . They even remembered our names ! The location of the hotel was amazing , right on the Magnificent Mile . We really enjoyed our stay and the kids loved the indoor pool . I would definitely stay there again if I have the chance and would recommend it to anyone I know going to the Chicago area .
The Talbott Hotel is fantastic ! I stayed there on business and found that it met my every need . The high speed internet access worked flawlessly ; allowed me to do much of my work from the comfort of my luxuriously appointed room . I really like to exercise before a day of meetings ; access to the fitness club next door was very convenient . Last point : I work for a green consulting firm out of L.A. and the hotel 's environmental credentials dovetailed perfectly with our mission . Guilt free luxury !
I just returned from a long weekend in Chicago with my wife . We stayed at the Affinia hotel and I ca n't even begin to describe what an awful experience it was . When we arrived at 4pm on Thursday ( check-in is 3pm ) , our room was not ready . We had to wait til almost 5pm before we could even get into the room . Once inside the room smelled like an ash tray . Obviously someone had deactivated the smoke detectors somehow and had been smoking in the room . We decided to just go out for an early dinner . After arriving back to our room around 9pm , our key did n't work . We had to go all the way back down to the lobby to get a new one . The next morning the maids started knocking on our door at 7:30 in the morning ! Why would you try to clean the room that early ? ? ! ! The 'do not disturb ' sign was on our door for the rest of the stay . After that early wakeup , we went downstairs to request a different room due to the terrible smell in the one we were assigned . The front desk employee gave me a very condescending look and sighed when I asked . Eventually we did get a new room but I did n't enjoy the demeanor I encountered to do so . Our new room was fairly nice , and the rest of the stay was relatively uneventful , but I have a bad taste in my mouth and likely wo n't stay there again .
The Hotel Monaco Chicago was a great hotel . The rooms were very nice , great customer service . Every member of the staff was extremely nice . I liked that it was pet friendly , and you could n't even tell they allowed pets . Very clean . Prompt service when requested , and the food was very tasty ! An A+ in my book , the prices were very reasonable as well since it is a four star hotel . Very immaculate . Will definitely stay there again the next time I visit Chicago .
Recently my husband and I stayed at The James in Chicago for our `` night on the town '' . After taking in a musical , we checked in at The James and were happily surprised with the customer appreciation and delicious room service . The rooms were spotless and we were supplied with fresh towels for everything from showers to the spa to visiting the gym . If I had known that they accepted pets beforehand , it would 've been a great environment for our family lapdog . Staying at The James in Chicago made our night a luxurious outing and will be a definite stop next time we are in Chicago .
I stayed at the Affina Chicago for my anniversary . The hotel is in a great location , but that does n't make up for the poor customer service and rudeness of the staff . It looked like the cleaning crew forgot to vacuum from the last guest since there was hair on the carpet . I spent more money than I would normally , hoping for a luxury experience , and left very unsatisfied .
James Chicago would be one of the worst hotels I have ever been to in my life ! Even though i noticed that the design of the place was extremely artistic , its service quality and hotel conditions were horrible . They gave me a room in which the blankets were dirty and looked as if it been used just moments ago ! I figured it was because the hotel was busy but I started to notice that the furniture came with a cost in service . The television was not working at all . I was extremely disapointed , especially when coming from a rigorous day of work and just wanting to relax . Sadly , i settled in doing my work instead of frittering my time doing noting when i got the next disapointment . The Wifi was a bust . Absolutely nothing to do but to stare at the furniture or just stare at the wall . I am never going to James Hotel ever again !
My wife and I stayed at the Conrad Chicago Hilton a few weeks back . I had a conference in the Windy City , and my wife decided she 'd come along to do some shopping . First off let me say , typically I LOVE staying in hotels - any chance I get , i 'll spend it away from home in a comfy hotel bed . That said , this place was terrible . The room had a slight odor to it , kind of a fishy smell . The people at the front desk were rude to us . And I found a soiled pair of women 's panties under the bed . Gross ! Not to mention that once we got home , we both had bug bites up and down our legs -- - now we 're worried we brought bedbugs home with us ! If I could take this trip back I would . What a terrible place . Shame on you Conrad Hilton , shame on you !
Stayed at this hotel for labor day weekend and it was pretty awful . The staff were relatively friendly , but that 's where the positive aspects stop . Bed was rock hard and VERY uncomfortable . Thermostat did n't work properly and the air conditioner was always 5 degrees warmer or colder than what you wanted . Even though I think $ 10 for 1 day of internet is RIDICULOUS , I bought it because I needed to download a powerpoint for work and send off a few emails . It was UNGODLY slow and barely better than dialup . I ended up finding a starbucks to use their wifi so I could actually get something done . Minibar was overpriced , as expected . Awful experience , definitely would n't stay here again .
I really wish I could say that I liked this hotel , but the whole experience was just plain awful . My first warning sign should have been when I made my reservation . The person I spoke with when placing my reservation had absolutely no idea what he was doing . At first he tried to book me into the wrong hotel , and then when we finally got it sorted which hotel I was actually wanting , he booked me for the wrong dates . He read me the right dates , and it was only when I called back two days later to confirm that I found out he 'd given me the wrong dates . Hilton did get it fixed , but I already had a bad feeling about my stay . Then came actually staying at the hotel . The people at the check-in desk were downright rude . Then there was the room . I was supposed to be in a non-smoking room , but the room smelled strongly of cigarette smoke . The hotel staff refused to believe me , but did let me change rooms to one that did n't smell of cigarettes . However , I might as well have stayed in the first room . I was short towels , and it took four calls ( over a period of 12 hours ) to the front desk to get some . The sheets had not been changed , made obvious by the crumbs and fresh stains that littered them . Yes , I was able to get fresh sheets , but like the towels , it took several hours for them to be delivered . Since this is a pet friendly hotel , lucky me I got stuck in the room next to the room filled with yappy little dogs . The walls were so paper thin , all I could hear all night was barking . When I complained about it , the staff refused to believe me , and said that the walls of the room are so thick I should n't be able to hear anything from next door . Yeah right . I was excited to use the pool , but just like my room , it had n't been cleaned recently . Then , I tried the fitness center . Half the equipment was broken . I tried to cut my stay short , but of course this hotel would n't work with me at all . They even refused to comp my stay for all the grossness I had to deal with . I will never stay with Hilton again , and I will be sure to let everyone know what a nightmare this stay was .
`` Classy '' , '' Decent '' and `` Serene '' . these words clearly define the totality of my stay at the talbott hotel in the heart of chicago . the hustle and bustle of the city did little to affect the conducive atmosphere for relaxation provided by this posh hotel . the lounge was so welcoming and flashes of smiles from every angle.the staff from the bell-boy to the managers were polite , helpful and responsive to my needs . the room service was classy and to cap it all the beds were just as comfortable as back home , making the talbott a home away from home . my wife and i enjoyed the t-rex experience and learnt a lot about the city of chicago and what it has got to offer . believe me we will return with the kids because the talbott is family oriented and friendly to kids . it felt very safe . anytime we are in chicago the talbott is gon na be our home away from home !
My wife and I checked in to this hotel after a rough flight from Los Angeles . We decided to treat ourselves to a nice hotel while visiting our recently graduated son , and we were not disappointed . The location could not have been better , as we were afforded easy access to Chicago 's culture and shopping by being just off Michigan Avenue . After a long day of exploring the city , we enjoyed a fantastic dinner on the terrace overlooking the city . The halibut was cooked just right , and our waiter made us feel very welcome with some friendly conversation . Overall , I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling in Chicago !
Advertised as a luxury hotel the Conrad Chicago is more gouge than grand . My wife and I decided to splurge on a fabulously decadent weekend in Chicago for our tenth anniversary . After looking at several hotels in the `` Magnificent Mile '' territory of downtown Chicago we selected the Conrad . The Conrad 's website impressed us immediately . The pictures of the rooms were lovely , they promised what was supposed to be a world class spa and several amenities such as huge flat screen televisions , not that we were planning to watch much tv . We called to make reservations and after navigating a ridiculous automated phone system , I was greeted by a rather irritated sounding young woman who could n't figure out how I was unable to make my reservations via the automated system . In any case I picked the deluxe king-size bed room for two nights in mid September . My wife oohed and aaahed over the picture of the room online , most impressed with the view . It cost a pretty penny , more than I would normally spend on out of town accomidations , but her happiness was worth it . Unfortunately her happiness was short lived after arrival at the Conrad . Valet parking was a breeze but they accidentally grabbed my wife 's purse when unloading the luggage . We spent an hour in panic before a bellhop finally located it . At the front desk they were pleasant but adamant that we had reserved a room with two double beds via the automated phone system . I explained the error to the woman at the counter who was able to get us into a king-sized room but at an additional cost . By the time we arrived at our room we were a bit haggard but still looking forward to our stay . That ended when we found out that our `` view '' was of a back alley service corridor . So much for the skyline . Overall , the room was clean and lovely though housekeeping seemed unduly slow . I hate to be picky but I was drip dried way before my extra towels were sent up . The spa had very limited hours as well . Somehow amidst it all we managed to have the anniversary of our dreams , away from the hotel . It was far from luxury service even if the sheets were of an extravagant thread count . I would not recommend the Conrad Chicago . I would absolutely save my money next time to spend on activities and sightseeing in Chicago . I was expecting outstanding hospitality and found it no better than a mid-range priced hotel which would also have had clean rooms , but would n't have cleaned out so much of my wallet .
On a recent business trip to Chicago , I had the unfortunate circumstance of staying at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel . Upon entrance , the lobby is beautiful and the hotel seems very nice . However , as I approached the check in counter , the woman working there was very terse and rude to me . They had me booked in the wrong kind of room and when I asked about changing it , I was snubbed and made to feel like it was a tremendous imposition for them to accommodate me . After a half hour , I finally received the correct room . The linens on the bed were of a very cheap quality , they were scratchy and had a musty smell . Also , the bathroom was n't cleaned properly as there was still trash in the waste basket ( including a condom ) and there was no shampoo . Also , I had a coffee pot in the room but no coffee . When I called the front desk to ask for some , they told be it was not free and would I like to charge the coffee to my account . I found this hotel to be shocking and highly recommend that no one stay there .
Homewood Suites is a Hilton Group Hotel located in downtown Chicago . Though close to many sights , when we visited there was extensive construction going on along Michigan Avenue , so every morning we were awakened right at 8 am to the sound of jackhammering and bulldozers . We reserved the basic suite . Though we arrived at 5 pm , well past check-in time , our room was not ready for 30 minutes . The management apologized but did not offer any sort of compensation for our inconvenience . Once the suite was ready , it was nice . But then we quickly discovered that there was no hot water in our bathroom . We were relocated to another room with apologies , but again , no offer of compensation for the trouble . Once we were finally settled , the free welcome dinner reception had wine and beer . The food was okay , but we were so frazzled from the issues we had checking in that anything would have tasted good at that point . The staff suggested their complementary grocery shopping service . We though it was a good idea since we were already so tired . Unfortunately , it took them three hours to finally deliver the groceries to our suite and the bill was far more than we expected . All in all we were disappointed with our experience at Homewood suites . We understand there are problems that may arise but the fact that the management did nothing to make it up to us is unacceptable . I would not suggest this hotel to a friend visiting Chicago .
I absolutely loved staying at the Swissotel Chicago . The entire hotel has such an elegant and luxurious feel to it . The room was absolutely stunning ! First of all , it was so spotless and clean . The design of it was beautiful ! There was gorgeous artwork on the walls even . The design was very modern and above average for hotel decor . There was a separate bath and separate shower which I loved ! There was a huge LCD flat screen TV and high speed wireless Internet available . There was even an iPod docking station which was great for listening to music and so convenient since I brought my iPod with me ! The view from the window of Chicago was beautiful too . The service was very quick and everyone was very friendly . I did n't have any problems at all but if I did I 'm sure the customer service at the hotel would have had it fixed very quick I could tell their top priority was the guests happiness and satisfaction ! There were even two restaurants in the hotel and a lounge ! I ca n't wait to go back to this hotel . It felt like I was on a luxurious vacation !
The Hotel Allegro located in the Chicago Loop , provided my wife and I with one of the worst hotel experiences in recent memory . We ordered the weekend Liquid Therapy package 48 hours prior as noted on their website , but to our surprise when we arrived , our names were nowhere to be found in their system ! No room , no accommodations at the restaurant , nothing had been prepared for us and apparently another couple had already reserved the last available slot . A weekend away turned into the weekend from hell when we were asked to take a smaller room than I originally booked , and never did they offer us a replacement dining option ! I have a receipt and credit card statement that shows our reservations being made on time . We will never be staying here again .
I was genuinely surprised by my stay at this hotel . The walls were paper thin , and I could hear conversations in the next room . This is not something I would have expected from a higher class of hotel . The room was also smaller than I would have expected for the price . We were given minimal toiletries and towels in the guest room , something which made it difficult for two people to get ready in the morning . We requested new towels , but it took an entire day for them to get around to fulfilling our request . The check-in process was frustrating , mostly due to the unhappy clerk behind the counter . I do n't know if she was having a bad day , or just happens to be in such a mood all the time , but either way , it was unpleasant and a pain to deal with . Overall , not a pleasant experience . I think next time , we 'll choose another hotel to stay at when visiting Chicago .
I enjoyed a pleasant 2 night stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago , Il . The hotel was beautiful , inside and out . I felt as if I was a celebrity staying there . The staff was especially kind and very professional . My husband and I have never felt more comfortable . I was very pleased that they had transportation for us , since we flew in to Chicago for our anniversary . The Shedd Aquarium package was an excellent bonus . I highly recommend this hotel to everyone that 's going to be visiting Chicago !
During my recent trip to Chicago , I stayed at the Ambassador East hotel , which is located in the downtown are . I have to say I was not pleased with my stay there . For one , I had requested that my room have one king sized bed when I called for reservations , however , when I arrived , the hotel lobby clerk said they did not have any king sized beds left and I had to settle with two double sized beds . When I told the clerk that a king sized was promised when i made the reservation , he just shrugged his shoulders . When I got to my room , I found it to be very small . There was supposed to be a small refrigerator in the room . There was n't , although I did not bother to complain after all it did when they gave me the wrong bed . At night , there seemed to be some sort of convention being held at the hotel . I did not figure what the convention was for , but their attendees liked to stay up until the early morning and made way too much noise . I called the front desk several times complaining about the noise . Each time they assured me they would deal with the noise , but the racket never dissipated and I finally gave up getting any sleep . I did go back to the lobby before my trip ended to complain of the poor service that they have given me , the manager said that she felt sorry for the trouble I had been having at the hotel , but did not offer any refund or consolation for the trouble . When I left the Ambassador East , I vowed that if I ever returned to Chigaco , I would never stay at this place again .
I was in town to visit my cousin an stayed for three nights at this wonderful hotel . Its so close to the shopping i wanted to do with my cousin , granted i had a personal guide a.k.a . my cousin Janice . The amenities were unbelieveable an the service was great with the upmost hospitality . Would recomend to everyone great for kids an adults . The room and view were spectacular , the beds were very comfy and the room was emaculate .
Amazing ! I was swept away when I walked into the hotel it was gorgeous . The staff was very nice and helpful the hotel was very clean , and the food was delicious . We stayed two nights and the first night we went to the Lockwood restaurant and we were blown away by the food . It has to be the best food in Chicago the atmosphere was very classy and warm and the wait staff was very precise . The decor in our rooms did not look like any hotel I had been at they were very elegant and inviting . I can not wait to go back it is a true escape from daily life .
Let me just preface this by saying that I absolutely loved my stay at this hotel . I chose it largely for location as I do n't really love to walk that much and I was incredibly pleased with its situation in the city . It was just a couple blocks away from several museums and shopping districts but my husband and I mainly ventured out for food , of which there were great options and the concierge was a great help . We had originally booked the King Guestroom but upon arrival were upgraded to the Deluxe King Guestroom by the front desk . Everyone was remarkably friendly and helpful which is something I look for and remember when I go to stay in a location again . Our room was amazing . Seriously amazing . It was so chic and I just loved the headboard over our bed . There was n't one little spot of dust to be found . The bathroom was gorgeous and we made full use of the two bathrobes in the closet . We did n't take anything from the snack bar but it all looked delicious . We had dinner at David Burke 's Primehouse . I can not recommend the NY Ribeye more highly . It was fantastic . For dessert we had the brown butter corn cake . I 've been trying to replicate that dish ever since I got home . I 'm sad to say that I did n't get a chance to try any of the treatments at Spa by Asha but I definitely will make a point to on my return visit . The James Chicago made our trip to Chicago memorable . The staff was friendly , the hotel beautiful , and the food delicious . What more could you want ?
I had such high hopes when I booked a stay at the Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago a few short weeks ago . When I arrived I should have known things would not be as I expected them to be . The host at the desk was rude and seemed put out that I was there . When I finally got checked in and arrived in my room I found that the temperature in the room was far too hot . The air conditioner was not turned on and on a hot , muggy day it would have been nice to enter into a cool room . I turned on the air conditioner and after quite some time the room cooled down . Since I arrived in the early afternoon I decided to order room service from the Nix Restaurant that is in the hotel , I ordered the Gooey Triple Decker Grilled Cheese , at $ 14 I was expecting the best grilled cheese sandwich I had ever eaten . When it finally arrived , more than an hour later , it was cold and the cheese was far from gooey ! It also comes with a bowl of Tomato Bisque soup which , needless to say was also cold . For the quality of the food , $ 14 was way too much to pay for this meal . After a meeting with clients we stopped by the Martini Bar for drinks . The waitress was rude and seemed to be overwhelmed by the amount of people she had to serve . Needless to say it took forever to get our drinks . We heard other patrons grumbling about the amount of time it took for the drinks to arrive as well . Finally we got our drinks , we all ordered a French Martini . We all took a drink and immediately all our mouths puckered , it had far too much pineapple juice in it making it very , very tart . At $ 14 each you would think it would be made to perfection , far from it . The evening finally over I went back to my room where I now found the temperature to be too cold due to the air conditioner not turning itself off when it should have . After a miserable night I checked out glad to be done with the Knickerbocker Hotel !
My husband and I decided to plan a romantic get-away for our one year anniversary when we stumbled upon the Talbott Hotel in Chicago . We decided to book the `` Personally Yours Romance Package '' for our stay . When we arrived at the hotel , the staff was very friendly and approachable . The personalized key cards we received upon check-in were a wonderful touch . Each night , we would return to our suite to find the linens turned down and rose petals scattered across the bed . The personal concierge even helped me plan a special outing for my husband and I to see a Chicago Cubs baseball game . I would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a weekend away .
The Affinia in Chicago obviously caters to wedding guests and corporations hosting business conferences . If you do not represent one of these groups with a large number of guests and revenue for Affinia , do not expect any measure of customer service and do n't expect great accommodations , even at their high prices . When we arrived our reservation was lost , then it took forever for the concierge to tell us the room we were instead given was available . The furnishings in the room were cheaply made , the cleaning obviously superficial and our view was directly into the concrete wall of the hotel 's L shaped corridor . I called for fresh linens and toiletries and a very rude phone attendant told me someone would essentially be then when they had time . Two hours later someone came . The dining hall and reception areas were really nice , but again , unless you 're a large group do n't expect to enjoy them during your stay at Affinia . Even if you could , the prices would n't be worth it .
I loved staying at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago , not only is it an amazingly friendly atmosphere , but they give me the option to bring my pet with me . They are a dog friendly hotel , it costs $ 55.00 a night for the dog to stay with you , but that beats the costs of paying a kennel to keep or your dog or a neighbor to watch them for you . I loved this option . They also give your animals a gift bag filled with treats , food , bowls and doggy clean up bags . I higly reccomend this hotel if you are looking for a place to bring your four-legged friend with you when you travel .
The Intercontinental Chicago was not as great an experience as I was expecting it to be . When I first arrived the front desk staff could not find my reservation in the system . They then tried to make me book a higher paying room . I ended up having to ask for the manager , who conveniently was able to locate a room for me with the same rate . I was expecting top notch service and class but apparently those services are reserved for the elite . I was not doted on as I should have been and found that I had long wait times when I placed an order with room service or needed the concierge . For the price I was paying to stay there I would have thought there would have been more of a catered and personal touch to the service .
My three night stay at Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park was the perfect way to end a weekend . The hotel has a classy but warm atmosphere with color tones that please the mind and soothe the eyes . The staff was ready to help at any notice and always greeted you with a cheerful smile . The mySpa was the getaway of a life time . My only complaint would be that the bed covers were a bit too stiff as they were new and clean but the softness of the bed whisked me away to a deep slumber in no time . Well worth the money and I know my next stay will be much longer .
I stayed with my husband at the Homewood Suites in Chicago . We wanted to do something nice for our anniversary and thought that the Hilton was a solid name brand and expected to have a pleasant stay . Unfortunately this was not the case ! The staff was very rude at check-in ( which took 20 minutes ) and the lobby smelled musky and gross . The room itself was not like other Hilton hotels I have stayed at . The carpeting was atrocious and the color of vomit , the room smelled of smoke ( even though it 's advertised as smoke-free ) and there were a few long brown hairs in our bed ! I was so grossed out that I had to call down to the rude staff to ask for our linens to be changed and they gave us a huge attitude about it . And do n't even get me started on how poorly the shower/bathtub worked..a nice anniversary went totally awry due to how crummy this hotel is . If I could give it 0 stars , I would !
when we arrived the check in process was fairly quick , however the staff seemed in a bad mood all around . they seemed as if we were taking up their time . when we got to the room we tried to use our personal computer to look for attractions , and after having to pay $ 10 a day for wifi it was a total waste of money the speed of the internet was extremely slow . the free workout area was also not up to our expectations but since it was free we didnt complain . overall we would never stay at this hotel again and we do not recommend it .
Whatever you do , do NOT stay at the Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago . I made that mistake , and it was terrible ! The bed linens were obviously not clean - there was even a stain on the comforter - and the housekeeping staff there absolutely did not care about doing a good job . Our room was only `` cleaned '' twice in a week 's stay , and even then only the barest minimum of effort seemed to go into it . They did n't even empty the trash cans ! As for the `` in-suite '' kitchen , it was awful . We were hoping to save money by cooking in our room , but with one broken eye on the stove and a nasty , greasy microwave ? It seemed a better idea to eat out , and avoid any more unpleasant surprises from their lackluster in-house food . I did n't hear good things about their breakfast offerings , anyways . If I were you , I 'd avoid this place like the plague . I know I 'm certainly never going back !
This fantastic hotel has it all : luxury , an excellent location and a fun atmosphere . The rooms are spacious and well decorated , and the staff is always helpful and courteous . Whether you 're traveling for business or fun , I highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago . I stayed there with my wife recently , we were on a short weekend break and we wanted to enjoy the music an just have fun . The Hard Rock certainly delivered what we were looking for . The hotel is in a central location , within easy reach of the main tourist spots in the city , however , there 's superb food on site and the best entertainment you could wish for , so there 's barely a need to leave to hotel ! ( well , we DID leave the hotel to see the sights , but you know what I mean ) . My wife and I particularly enjoyed the gym and spa facilities , including a relaxing massage . This hotel surpassed our expectations in every possible way , and we 'll surely be staying there again the next time we visit the Windy City .
The service was only subpar and then rooms needed better cleaning . I was at the check in counter longer than expected because they decided to use a trainee to check me in , definitely no fun after such a long flight . There were no clean towels in the room and my bill was returned with room service charges of which I did not order .
Great hotel ! ! The staff is very friendly and helpful . The room was in perfect shape , very clean and just a beautiful setup . I will definetly go to this hotel many more times when i am in the area ! I would definetly recommend it !
To whom this may concern , my name is Jamie Brown , and i was a recent guest of yours between July 4th through July 10th , and your staff made my stay so comfortable i almost didnt want to leave . The Kitchen in the room and the complimentary grocery shopping service made me rethink leaving all together and when i didnt feel like cooking the complimentary welcome home dinner with a glass of wine , helped me clear my mind for all the paper work i had to look forward to . The free wireless internet access both in my room and sitting by the pool helped get all that done and helped me get my laps in as well . I really could n't have asked for anything more ! I felt like a queen and I never though I could feel that way just staying in a hotel . I thank you so very much for treating me so kindly and I will gladly be visiting you again very soon , only for more pleasure and way less business . Sincerely yours , Jamie Brown
While making the obligatory trip to the Chicago area to visit family , we decided to make it fun for the teenage members of our group and reserved a couple of rooms at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago . What a great decision ! The rooms are very upscale at a reasonable price with great amenities . And , according the younger members of the family , `` very cool '' ! We ca n't wait to come back .
I went here with the family , including our dog Marley ( They are very pet friendly ) . We really enjoyed it . This place is huge with over 480 rooms and suites and is in the center of downtown close to shopping and entertainment . It also seems that it would be a great place to have a wedding or to host an event . I will definately be coming back next time I need to come to chicago definately a fine four star hotel !
I had a wonderful time at the James Hotel while on business in Chicago . The rooms are modern , tasteful and well-kept , while the staff was responsive and efficient . This was the perfect place to unwind after working all day , but also provided an ideal atmosphere to do some more work .
I stayed two nights at the Hilton Chicago . That was the last time I will be staying there . When I arrived , I could not believe that the hotel did not offer free parking . They wanted at least $ 10 . What am I paying for when I stay there for the night ? The website also touted the clean linens . The room was clean and I believe the linens were clean . The problem was with all of the down pillows etc . Do n't they know that people have allergies ? I also later found out that this hotel allows pets . I think that this was another part of my symptoms . If you like a clean hotel without having allergy attacks I suggest you opt for somewhere else to stay . I did not like how they nickel and dimed me in the end for parking . Beware hidden costs . I will try somewhere else in the future . Not worth the money or the sneezing all night .
I chose to stay at the 'Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel ' during a recent trip to Chicago because I had heard they had good reviews . Boy , were these reviews wrong ! ! I had terrible service from the moment I walked in the doors . I was not greeted by the receptionist , it was like I was n't even there . My room was NOT ready for me when I got there , even though I got there AFTER my required check-in time , then once I was allowed to go to my room , it was filthy ! It was as if they did n't even clean it , so I do n't know what the hold up was . There were no towels , shampoo or soap in the bathroom . The worst part was that there were bugs in the tub ! The place was the most disgusting place I 've ever been to , and it is supposed to be one of the nicest ! It should be the nicest for the price they charge . I do not recommend staying here ! Stay at your own risk ! !
The Hotel Sofitel Chicago Water Tower bills itself as a 4-star luxury hotel , but the luxury is evidently in the eye of the beholder . Filled with trite modern art and modular , cheap-looking furniture that looks straight out of the latest Ikea catalogue , this 32-floor hunk of glass has to be one of the ugliest hotels I have ever seen . `` Urban chic '' design does not equal comfort ; the seating and bed furniture are made more for the design floor than for actual use . Room service is expensive , slow , and the food you eventually do get is mediocre in quality and flavor . The hotel features two bars : the Cafe des Architectes Bar , and the simply named Le Bar . Cutesy French names and trendy modern outfittings do not a good hotel bar make ! Excellent service , fair prices , friendly and competent staff are what make a bar great , none of which you will find at either of these bars . Cafe des Architectes is also a restaurant , offering `` seasonal menus featuring contemporary cuisine with French roots , '' which means small portions and large prices at questionable quality . Even the old standby filet mignon did not stand up to its reputation , coming out a little dry hunk of meat rather than a succulent steak . Pass this one by , if you 're looking for a comfortable , enjoyable stay in downtown Chicago . The Water Tower is dry .
I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers a couple nights ago . The service was excellent ! ! As soon as i stepped through the door they grabbed my bags , and were helping me choose the best hotel room for me ! I loved there service and the room was gorgeous ! I highly recommend it for anyone , and there prices are n't as bad as others . I loved the experience and I 'm sure next time I 'm in the area I 'll visit again !
The International Chicago Magnificent Mile is shrouded in glamour , but underneath the facade fades away . The `` classical architectural landmark '' should be translated to `` old and boring . I found this hotel via Google and have regretted it ever since . Room size was small and unaccommodating , and that was one of the newer rooms ! Everything was free except for the gym ( why that would n't be free with the price I paid I do n't know ) . This hotel is overpriced for the quality and size of the room that you get , and I would not recommend staying there .
The Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was everything you could ask for in a hotel . It was meticulously clean , very orderly , but still perfectly warm and comforting . The rooms are very big and spacious , and the beds are so soft , it 's like heaven ! I did n't test out the room service , but I 'm sure it would be just like everything else ... perfect ! The hotel staff are just so nice . There was a spectacular view from my room , and looking out over the city at night is so magical . There are resturants that are easy to access from the hotel , and I especially recommend Shula 's Steak House . Overall , I had a fantastic stay at The Sheraton Hotel , and I would definitely stay there again !
Eww ! What a sickening affair ; the Hotel Monaco Chicago is a stuffy masterpiece of a hotel done wrong . I stayed there recently and the rooms reek of the pretended elite classes whom fill its rooms . I seriously was afraid to even lie between the sheets for fear of being charged a hefty linens fee ... I stayed in Chicago for a week ; I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for one night !
The stunning bay at Chicago finds its equal in the Ambassador East Hotel . This hotel feels like luxury was built into everything , down to the wonderful room service and conference rooms . Besides being in an active neighborhood in Chicago , the Ambassador East is close enough to the action and beautiful sights Chicago has to offer . The overall service of the hotel was wonderful . I felt like I was treated as a king . The room was very neat , regal , and relaxing . I especially liked the bathroom as it was clean and soothing . The Pump Room was also a great place for excellent dining . My stay here was completely enjoyable while maintaining a high level of productivity . Overall , the stay here was fantastic and worth every penny . I would return to the Ambassador East Hotel in a heartbeat if given the opportunity .
When we got checked and arrived at our room the first thing we noticed was the light did n't come on when we flipped the switch upon entering . The room was not very clean at all . Dust had collected on the back of the tv and on the stand behind it , on the window sill and stains on the carpet . We had requested wireless internet service but it was down the entire first night . The mattress was very hard making for an uncomfortable night . The jacuzzi was out of order also . When asked to be moved to a different room we were informed that there were not others available .
My husband and I loved this hotel . The staff were friendly , the food on the room service menu was a reasonable price , and we got an extra ( free ) coffeepot in our room immediately when we asked for it . Highly recommended !
Hyatt Regency Hotel : Good ole Downtown , Chicago . Hypo-allergenic rooms are usually intended for the well-being of even the worst cases of allergen sufferers . Well , when we got to our room , one of the first things my wife did was sneeze four times . Upon setting up the channel scanning which , the reception came in fuzzy all around , there was an interattive ethernet feature that after , lost in confusion of how to work it , provided us with our first fee ! The pool was in bad shape . The maids seemed to come and go with no intercommunicative qualities.. just knock knock knock . We let em ' right in as they started vacuuming . One of the fluorescent bulbs on the ceiling was dimmer than the others and the Gideon 's Bible had crib notes . What a room ! Not to mention what the hotel was like ! Oh geez .
Beautiful views and awesome service ! My husband and I stayed at the Swissotel in Chicago while meeting up with some old friends from college . We have been to Chicago a few times but never stayed at this hotel before . First off the architecture and feel of the hotel is just amazing . So beautiful ! The views from our corner suite was breathtaking and the accomodations were flawless . The fact that we could have an apartment like setting rather than a cold hotel room made all the difference . From the big tub in the bath to the entertainment system and work area , everything is in place to make your stay like being at home but with an awesome view of the Chicago Skyline . We took advantage of the Executive Club for desserts and breakfast and had dinner one night at the Palm restaurant . Delicious food ! We will definitely stay at the Swissotel the next time we visit Chicago .
The Palmer House Hilton was recommended to me by a friend who had visited Chicago the previous summer . I was very happy with the location , and was able to visit the nearby Lake Michigan and Millennium park ( beautiful ! ! ) . The rooms were good size , and the right amount of luxury for the price . I did n't use room service much , but when I did everything was in order .
Hotel Monaco is a luxurious hotel situated in the heart of Chicago . It is blooming with historical elegance combined with modern day amenities . I had the pleasant experience of staying at this facility . Perfectly set up to handle any business traveler , sight seer , convention , wedding or shopper . They offer top notch service from reservations to wedding planning or even asking for a good local restaurant . I noticed that world travelers are welcome here with some of the employees ability to speak foreign languages . Guest rooms offer stylish charm and can relax even the unrelaxable . In room spa 's and top notch room service is second to none . The South Water Kitchen is a true downtown Chicago restaurant offering mid-west American dishes and several signature cocktails . I know that anytime I visit Chicago , Hotel Monaco is my place to be .
My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for three nights last month . We were celebrating our anniversary , so we decided to splurge on the Prestige Suite . According to the website , we were to be given either a city or park view , neither of which we had . Instead , our room was overlooking a dirty field with some sparse trees . The woman who checked us into our room was rude and impatient , and the man who helped with our bags was the same . When we got to the room , the beds were unkempt and the floors were in serious need of a vacuuming . The bathroom was dirty and there was dried toothpaste in the sink . My husband requested that we be given another room , preferably a clean one , but the clerk told us that there were no other rooms available . If given the chance , I would not stay at this hotel again , even if I were offered a free night .
You made Chicago a wonderful stay ! The room was gorgeous ! I came with very little on hand and my deluxe room supplied me with everything that I needed , I did n't even have to ask ! Thank you so much , I will be back ! Very tidy room as well !
The atmosphere at the Talbott Hotel is very welcoming when you first walk in . The employees are friendly and will greet you when you first arrive . The hotel seems to be luxurious , even from the lobby , and right away , I was very excited for my stay ! I stayed in a double queen room with my friend . The room is spacious enough , and beds are very comfortable . I did n't try the room service , but they do have a fitness club close by with a spa , which is very convenient . I also love how the room has individual climate controls ! Very neat ! Also handy that there is an iHome in the room . I 'm usually stuck using just a regular alarm clock radio at other hotels . I will most likely stay in this hotel another time . It was a wonderful experience !
We were amazed by this hotel . The first great part is the location . Its so close to some of the great shopping the city has to offer . The view from the terrace suite at night was breathtaking looking over Chicago . They even had a florist , as I bought my wife a rose . The menus , the lobby , everything was fantastic . The room was clean when we arrived as it was every time we came back to it each day . I did n't use the fitness center but it looked very nice , I did however visit the bar ... .and when i return to Chicago , I will again .
I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel this past summer for 5 days and it was the worst hotel experience I have ever had ! Firstly , the sheets that were on the bed seemed as if they were the same ones the previous guests had left on there ; they looked dingy or just plain dirty . Second , I went to function one night and came back in late so I was really tired the next morning , hence I slept in late . I put the `` Do Not Disturb '' sign on my door and the room service still came knocking down my door asking if they can come and clean . Obviously , the room service lady ca n't read . Third , and worst of them all , when I checked I was only allowed valet parking so I gave up my keys hoping to get back my car in one piece . Well , the next morning when I asked for my car to be retrieved , there was a big dent in the driver 's door of my 2010 Mustang ! I was livid and the valet guy was insisting that he got it like that . In the end I had to get my door repaired on my own ! The only thing I liked there was the food and it was n't even all that . I was so disappointed and so I 'm warning everyone to think twice before you make a reservation .
My daughter 's broken heart My daughter loves American Girl and for her birthday wanted to go to American Girl Doll in Chicago . For six months my eight year old counted day the day until we left for Chicago when she could have the experience of a lifetime . We arrived at the Talbot Hotel where we had reserved the American Doll Girl package only to find out that they had given our room away and that they were going to move us across town . If that was n't bad enough we had to spend an hour to find out if the American Girl carriage ride had been canceled or if we should book another one . My daughter sulked for most of the trip as we spent more time going from thing to thing instead of being able to walk . My daughter cried herself to sleep the first night and I could tell that her heart was broken .
This is one of the best hotels I have ever been in . I went there to see about scheduling my reception party , and was amazed at the architecture of the building , the interior design of the rooms , and the massive spacing provided for each room . Now I recommend this hotel to my associates to hold their important business meetings in the James Club , so that after the meetings , we can partake in a nice meal and drinks . Which brings me to my next point . The James has some of the BEST food I have ever eaten ! ! ! The James Private Club , I feel was made for the elite and upper class . Very classy , very elegant . The customer service is outstanding . I recommend this hotel to anyone needing to hold a reception , business meeting , or just need to have a day at the spa . 5 stars all the way ! ! !
If there is ever a Hotel you should stay at it is the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers . This is the most beautiful Hotel I have ever seen . This Hotel has more than you will ever need or want . You can pick from a room that is decorated in great taste . There is a in room refreshment center , high speed Internet , 32 inch television , coffer maker with great coffee from Starbucks . You could get a suite or the Presidential suite with more room than you will ever need . The room is over 2000 square feet.It over looks the Chicago River . There is plenty of activities with a great fitness center and a big indoor heated pool.The sauna was just wonderful . If you want to sight see in the area you can walk to the Navy pier , or Art Institute . When you come back hungry you can eat at the elegant steakhouse which had some of the best food we ever ate . Have a few drinks at the great bar , then create your own burger at the Chicago Burger Company . The staff was very friendly and super helpful . The Hotel was the cleanest I have ever seen . I will come again and again . A big thumbs up to this great Hotel .
The Amalfi Hotel has become my absolute favorite place to stay when I visit Chicago . This place really knows how to treat their guests . They serve a complimentary breakfast on every floor and even have iPod docking stations in the room ! If you want to watch a movie you can just borrow it from their collection . I took advantage of the free wi-fi AND the plush bathrobes . While I stayed there I had to try the spa services that were offered . Wonderful experience ! The staff really made me feel comfortable during my stay and I will definitely be staying there again on my next trip to Chicago .
The Homewood Suites is one of my favorite hotels in Chicago ! It is a great place to stay as a family . The last time my family and I visited Chicago , we stayed and picked the Shedd Aquarium package . What an amazing time ! The Aquarium is great , and we saved a lot of money by buying this package . I also appreciated that fact that our room had a kitchen . With two really picky children , it was so nice to be able to cook , or at least to have the option . We also enjoyed the many neat facilities in the Homewood Suites Chicago Downtown . Nice pool , great workout room , breakfast buffet and the wine and beer dinner in the evening . I would n't stay anywhere else when I visit the Windy City !
My Stay at Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers was wonderful , i stayed in the traditional guest room and i slept good , i was able to get to my meeting well rested , thank you Sheraton ! -Bobby
I recently stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers and there is no way I 'll be going back . Check in took a long time as there many people arriving for a conference and only a single staff member at the reception desk . My room itself was barely passable - the bathroom seemed to need a good cleaning and the room itself looked like it had seen better days long before I ever was here . For the price I was paying , you 'd think they 'd allow access to the work out facilities , but they wanted an outrageous PER DAY charge ! Top it off with the small pool and no hot tub and you wo n't want to be spending any time here at all . To top it off , the promised discount rate was n't honored at the end of my stay , despite being assured that all was well at check in ! I ended up arguing with the manager about it when I was checking out - since I had to catch a flight , no resolution happened and as of yet , I 'm still waiting for responses to my calls and letters . Chicago has a lot better hotels to offer and for the price per night I paid , it was n't worth it . Even the Shula 's was n't enough to make me want to return here .
I recently stayed at the Palmer House Hilton on a business trip to Chicago . I will do my best to make sure that future employees of my company do I have to stay here . When the reservation was made , an early check-in was arranged -- due to travel arrangements , my travel companion and I were to get to the city in the early hours of the morning . We had arranged an early check-in without having to pay for the night before . There was no fuss raised when we agreed on this and so we assumed it would be fine . When we got there , however , there were no rooms available for us for hours and they refused to keep our bags . We were forced to change clothes and wash up in the public restrooms of the office building where our first meeting took place , and cart our bags around with us . They offered insincere apologies and did n't offer to comp us anything for the inconvenience . The rest of the stay ( one night ) was nothing to praise . I guess not having bugs would count as positive ? I would definitely never recommend that anyone stay here .
THIS HOTEL IS FANTASTIC . I stayed there on my way through Chicago towards Arizona , and could not believe the great quality of the hotel . I 'd have thought I was in a Vegas suite . Really polite staff , great housekeeping , and amazing prices . On my way out , I was telling the manager about how much I 'd loved the hotel , and he even offered me an extra night there ! You can safely say that my trip was delayed roughly 24 hours .
Pleasant staff and housekeeping . Above average breakfast . The rooms were clean and the staff made sure we had fresh linnens . It was bedbug free ! ! I would definitely stay there again .
Sofitel not-so-luxury Hotels I recently checked out from a short stay at the chicago water tower . I originally planned to stay for a week but as my business was concluded after only 3 days I decided I had had my share of the water tower . Simply put it offered no reasons to stay . The Hotel is quite lovely and elegantly dressed to impress , but little more is put forth to sway the more acquainted crowed . The First night was a spectacle meal and there was quite a crowd , I think for the weekend . The next night the food was only mediocre and the third when I orderd room service I had to call twice . Even if you do n't care about the food I think you would be wise to think twice about your stay if you have the choice . They put on quite a show , but that is all and when the show ended I was still hungry for more and there was no more to be found .
We will not be back to this hotel . There are several reasons for this , but it began at check-in when the staff were very rude and uptight . Our reservation was lost in the system and they seemed to think it was a strain on their time to have to find it . The room was OK , but the beds were hard and uncomfortable . The room next door had their TV turned up very loudly , and when we called to ask if we could change rooms were were told that was not an option . They did n't offer any other solutions . The food in the restaurants was extremely overpriced and not cooked to our requests . Overall , we wish that we had chosen a different hotel for our stay in Chicago .
Conrad Chicago it was 5:00 AM my plan just flew in and I was tired I checked myself into the Confad Chicago when I first got there there was a creepy employe the floor was filthy but I got my room in the 5th level of then as I dashed towards the elevator my suite case in hand I entered it then that 's where I started to see the beauti of the place the walls where polished wood there was even a small AC/heater unit and it was good . Then out of no where Ting I made it up there this place was great the carpets where velveteen it was a true luxurious hotel I found my rooms and was greeted to a golden door nob I was living in paradise after I got into my room it was a perfect ! The room was a perfect 68 degrees . I was shocked to find how confrotable the bed was ... perfect ! And it had leather pillows and a huge blanket then just when I did n't think it could get any better I look my bathroom its perfect stone and gold ! The water actually has a good taste to it like grapes I was so shocked I fell uncontentious I was drowning cause my face fell into the toilet then I woke up you wont believe how fast the assistance will save your life there ! I when t back up into my floor and guess what I say out the windows a swimming pool and it was huge Olympic sized swimming pool It was great . I got on my beach suit and went down there and it was heated over all I do n't think I can leave and all of the other swimmers where pretty nice rich people and they where alright though a little big stuck up but not too much . Then came dinner time perfect . I must say I am extremely satisfied with my visit ! Time to fly back to where I cam from and then my plan took off i 'm going to miss that hotel 10/10 !
Home away from home ! The suites are amazing with great views of the city . The food is delious and served by an excellent staff . I loved the heated pool on the top floor , very relaxing after a long day of meetings . Great place to stay when your in Chicago !
Hotel Monaco is simply amazing . I travel quite a bit , and am use to generic hotels , with horribly unimpressive rooms , and `` 5 star amenities '' which usually mean a packet of instant coffee , and room service that wo n't serve after 9pm . Hotel Monaco on the other hand was very impressive . The suite i stayed in was stylish and cozy . This hotel has such personality . My absolute favorite part of my stay , aside from the amazing meal i had down stairs , was the in-room spa treatment . Hotel Monaco just raised the bar on hotels for me . Generic just wo n't do anymore .
The Hyatt Regency in Chicago was a wonderful experience for my husband and I as we traveled through the area on vacation . After checking in we simply relaxed in the beautiful atrium for a while before going to our room . To our delight the room was very clean , ultra-modern and furnished with sleek and comfortable furniture . What really impressed us about the room was how spacious it was and the stunning river front views . We were pressed for time to make dinner so decided the Bistro sounded like the best option and it turned out to be a great choice ! The food was simply fabulous . After dinner we were able to try out the fitness center , which ended up making our gym at home seem inadequate . This was just what we needed as a restful base for our Chicago vacation and we will definitely stay here again .
I have visited Chicago with my family several times and have never had such a HORRIBLE hotel experience ! The staff was rude and unhelpful , and they overcharged my card by more than $ 300 ! I had to spend the whole morning on the phone trying to get them to finally fix their mistake . The hotel itself did n't live up to our expectations either ... the inside was dingy and needed cleaning , and our room looked like a bunch of chain smokers had just thrown a crazy party in the room . There were cigarette burns on the sheets , stains on the floor , and there was a hole in the wall where it looked like someone had punched it ! We requested another room , which was only marginally better in terms of cleanliness , only to be kept up all night from the noise of our neighbors yelling and hanging out in the hallway . There are plenty of other places to stay in Chicago . AVOID Hard Rock at all costs !
I never thought I 'd be able to stay at a hotel and feel completely at home . I am a mother of two children , one of which has severe asthma and allergies . I have spent more time in hospital emergency rooms than my own living room for the past two and a half years . So when my sister was getting married in Chicago , I was extremely anxious . The front desk associate , Rosa , was wonderful . She told me that they have Allergy friendly rooms . No perfumes , no harsh cleaning chemicals , no dreaded `` industry standard '' feather pillows . I booked a room , but was still really worried . I should n't have been . Ethan breathed as easily in that beautiful room as he did in our own home . Maybe even a little better . They had an air purification system for our room . It smelled so fresh ! While my husband took our daughter to the Big Bar for Nachos ( she never stopped talking about how `` totally cool '' it was ) , I ordered room service for my son . The man who answered the phone was so patient and accommodating . My son has a lot of food allergies , so I was pretty much ordering off menu with specific details . That 's always a little humbling , but the staff treated my order with the grace as though they did special orders all the time . I was actually able to enjoy my sister 's wedding . The only problem with my stay is that it was too short . We 're coming back for our first family vacation since Ethan was born . Thank you , Hyatt Regency Chicago , for making this family 's visit possible and positive ! !
Hotel Allegro Chicago is a beautiful place . I was originally dreading being in Chicago due to the fact it was all business and no play , but as soon as I saw the inside of the hotel I was stunned ! I was n't expecting to stay at a place that made business trip feel like a get-away vacation . The service there was amazing , everybody was very friendly . When I saw my room , once again my jaw almost dropped . The room was fit for a king , the designs on the wall were so elegant . The beds were extraordinarily comfy . I think for my next business trip I am going to bring my wife and kids with me . I give this Kimpton Hotel 5/5 stars !
My wife and I were guests at the Hotel Allego in Chicago for a long weekend getaway ( September 2 - 5 , 2011 ) . We had checked out the hotel 's website long before booking and were quite excited about our trip . Once we arrived , the hotel staff informed us that the room we requested was unavailable and brought us to a different room that smelled quite moldy . When I asked to be moved to another room ( my wife has asthma ) we were politely told that we were unable to be switched at that time . The room was not particularly well-cleaned : we found previous guests hair in the bathroom sink and on the floor , and a film of dust across the television set . We are not the type to complain , so we went out to explore the city and assumed that would be the worst of it . At nighttime when we tried to sleep , we discovered the bed sagged terribly in the middle and the walls were so thin , every nearby conversation could be heard perfectly . We were tossing and turning half the night . In the morning we hoped a quick workout might help energize us for the day , but we discovered that the wellness and fitness center described on the website was really not at all what we anticipated : a few treadmills and a dilapidated weight rack . The concierge was almost never around in the lobby ( her sign always said `` Be right back ! '' ) and when we did ask her questions , she was actually somewhat cold and rude towards us . The second night was without incident , luckily , except for the terrible bed , but the third night we were woken up three times by hotel staff trying to enter the room to clean despite our `` Do Not Disturb '' sign . I would not recommend this hotel .
I stayed here with my family when we were in Chicago on a family vacation . All I can say is WOW ! A fantastic experience all around . First off , the hotel is magnificent , the lobby/entreway is jaw dropping to say the least . Everyone we dealt with from the desk clerks , to the cleaning staff , to the doormen were all exceptionally cordial and friendly . The rooms themselves are fantastic , perfect for a business person there for a stay or for a family there for recreation . The new Serenity beds that the Hilton offered were to die for ! One of the most restful nights sleep i have had in years ! The kids loved the Ipod docks in the rooms and my wife and I loved th fact the kids could keep their bedroom ice cold like they like it and we could keep it warmer in ours . As usual , it had wifi , which was ultra cheap and very very fast . Over all i highly recommend The Palmer House Hilton !
My husband and I visited this hotel on our way home from our honeymoon . It 's a very nice hotel , but the valet parking is very expensive , $ 53.00 per night was rather high so we opted to park our own car . The pool was very nice , and the water was warm . The front desk was very nice and helpful , If I ever visited Chicago again I would stay there .
I stayed at the the Conrad Chicago Hotel last winter with my family and I could n't be happier with are choice . The staff was very polite and helpfull and the rooms were very comfortable and felt like home . I loved the area of chicago the hotel was in there wasnt alot of crim around and i felt safe being in a new city .
The Affinia Manhattan is fantastic ! My husband and I stayed there when we went to visit my sister . I loved the room . It was one of the best hotel beds we have ever slept in . The view was incredible . Manhattan is one of the most beautiful places I have ever been . The staff was very helpful as well . They had no problem going out of their way to be helpful . I would suggest this hotel to anybody !
If you are traveling anywhere near Lake Michigan within the next year or less , I would highly recommend staying at The Sofitel Hotel . Unbeatable elegance , fine dining , and magnificent views are only just a few amenities to speak of . Along with excellent service and reasonable pricing you will be assured to get a quality nights rest . If there were such a thing as a 10 star rating , The Sofitel would surely have it . My visit and stay there was nothing short of elegance and comfort . Located minutes from everything in downtown Chicago , one would hardly want to leave . Fine dining , dancing , and an evening bar will leave you absolutely relaxing after any meeting , or social event in town . The Sofitel Hotel will leave you wanting to visit the moment you leave .
Oh My ! More Like A Dank Museum Than A Four Star Hotel ! I read so many reviews on this hotel that I was sure my husband and I would n't be disappointed on spending our 10th Wedding Anniversary in the heart of Chicago at such a luxurious hotel ! All the reviews sounded great so I feel awkward writing this , but I have to be fair - this place was a major disappointment . While the location is superb , the images online must have been taken over 10 years ago because all of the decor when we visited looked very old and faded . I noticed dirt everywhere - the fabric on the furniture was stained , the baseboards and woodwork were scratched and dirty and there seemed to be a smell of mold and mildew that permeated the entire hotel . Even though the food was great , the linens , glassware and silverware were not sparkling - it sort of helped that candles were lit so I did n't focus too much on how dreary and washed out the dining facility was . I did n't realize experiencing history would actually mean staying at a hotel that 's living in the past ! This was barely a two star hotel and I do not recommend staying here at all .
Overall , the hotel was okay . Though I did have a problem with the price . The accommodations mentioned on the website were accurate ( other than the supposedly luxury mattress , it was not more comfortable than my own mattress ! ) ; but this hotel offers nothing more than a much more affordable hotel ! There is a difference between the Palmer House Hilton lobby , and your normal , affordable lobby . But , I do not go to a hotel because it has a fancy lobby ; I go to get a good night 's sleep . When I want to sight see , I go elsewhere . Like I said , overall , the hotel was okay ; but it was not worth the price .
We had the pleasure of enjoying a stay at the Affinia Chicago Hotel . We found it conveniently located on E. Superior Street , near many local attractions . The rooms were modern chic with a very urban feel . The pillow menu was awesome , my partner and I have such different preferences , the choices made it easier to sleep like we were at home . The hotel room layout was comfortable and spacious with all the right touches to make our stay perfect ! I could n't believe the amenities available to guests . My Beagle , Betsy enjoyed her stay at the `` Jet Set Pet '' care center . She was pampered as much as I was . It was such a comfort knowing we could bring her along and that we could enjoy our stay without the stress and concern that comes along with traveling and pet ownership ! Another feature I personally enjoyed was the Walking Tour Kit . It included an iPod Shuffle pre-loaded with a workout playlist , a deck of cards ; guidebook that included walking tours , and comfort items like a towel and map ! I felt like I was the most important guest ( surely , everyone felt that way as they checked in to their rooms ) . Highly recommend to anyone who has the opportunity to travel in the area of an Affinia Hotel ! !
The Sofitel Chicago Water Tower in the downtown area is advertised as a four-star luxury hotel . However , modern architecture and a convenient location seem to be its only reliable perks . Room service is available 24 hours a day , but offers a limited variety of items and often lethargic service . Two bars are located on the premises , which is appealing at first . Once inside , patrons do not receive the quality of service that is to be expected and there is a complete absence of privacy , of any kind . The guest rooms are relatively spacious and clean , but a lack of adequate toiletries and personal items can interfere with a guests routine . Obtaining additional towels and grooming products is much too difficult . If you are a traveler who is in search of a relaxing and hassle-free experience , with reliable customer service , booking a room here is probably not a viable option .
I took my family to the Affinia Chicago for a short vacation last summer and it was fabulous . My kids say that their favorite part was the pool and the fact that the amusement park is really close by . My wife was really stoked with Spaffina . The pampering and really made her feel special . And they are very attentive to pets also . My dog we left home but he would have been stoked with the pets amenities and attention.The hotel is also connected to a ton of other hotels , so their Stash award lets you earn points at a lot of other hotels also . My favorite part of all was that my family was happy and content , which left me free to go over to Underground Wonderbar for a nice cocktail .
I had a business trip coming up in Chicago and I wanted to stay someplace really nice , cause I had never been there , so made reservations with the James two weeks in advance just to be on the safe side and when I arrived they had no record of it . No big deal , right ? They said they would take care of it and get me a room right away ... two hours later I 'm still sitting in the lobby ! Finally I get to my room to try and relax . Everything was nice until I decided to take a shower . I went into the bathroom ... no towels , wash cloths , nothing . I called down to the front desk and asked for some , about an hour later someone came up with one . Maybe they were just really busy ? Finally I get in the shower and the handle is BROKEN ! ! ! I went down to the front desk and asked for a new room and they started implying that I broke it ! ! ! They said everything was fine with the room earlier that day and that I must have done something to it ! ! ! Leaving that hotel was the easiest decision I made on my whole trip . Two thumbs down !
The Fairmont Chicago Millenium Park Hotel provides a rich , beautiful , cultured atmosphere . During my stay , I felt like royalty . With unparalleled design schemes and beautiful , tranquil views , the mood during my entire stay was one of bliss . The guest services department was second-to-none . The staff throughout the hotel were obviously concerned with pleasing the customer and making my stay as wonderful as possible . When dealing with a staff member at Fairmont , I felt as if I were the only guest in the place . The food and drink selections were vast and fit for a king . I will definitely recommend Fairmont Chicago Millenium Park to my friends and colleagues . I will also greatly look forward to my next stay .
I booked a room at Swissotel Chicago because I thought the price was reasonable , and at the base price it was ; however , it ended up costing more than I had planned for , as you have to pay for parking and other amenities . The service was not very good , considering they market themselves as a luxury hotel . There was no one there to help us bring in our bags when we had a difficult time doing so , and the staff were cold . All in all , I would say it was an average experience ... not luxurious like they claim it to be .
Do n't let the website fool you . I stayed at the Amalfi Hotel Chicago on my last business trip , and this was probably one of the worst 4 star hotel I 've ever stayed at . The website makes the place look like a 4 star hotel but it 's more on par with a 2 stars or 3 , if you want to be generous . First off , the rooms are not as nice or clean as they look in the picture . The room that I checked into was dingy with paint peeling from the walls , and the carpet looked like it had n't been vacuumed since god knows when . Since I was only staying one night , I decided not to ask for a different room- although I do n't know if asking for a different room would 've made any difference considering the lack of hospitality from the reception desk . When I arrived , there were two receptionists chatting it up- no acknowledgement , no prompt service . I had to wait about 3 minutes although I was the only one in line before any of them acknowledged me . And no , they were n't talking about hotel matters . I 'm not a difficult or an especially picky person , and who does n't chat during work with their co-workers but for them to completely ignore and make a client wait for 3 minutes shows serious lack of professionalism . Do yourself a favor , and go stay at the Marriott if you want service- unless the price is tempting but you get what you pay for .
First of all when you check in the check in process is smooth and takes no time at all , the front desk is very friendly and kind and make sure you know where your room is . Then on the way to your room they have spots with chairs and a table to have a seat and visit with other guest if you prefer to be out of you room . The room it 's self is very spacious and clean . The pool area is very clean and neat and you always have a towel , they never seemed to run out . The service is beyond exceptional . I would recommend staying at Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown to anyone .
The Sofitel Chicago Water Tower , while seemingly a good idea in theory , has many drawbacks . At first glance , it appears quite luxurious and grand , but some of its shortcomings can not be overlooked . The hotel is quite tall , coming in at 32 stories , and the noise from adjoining floors and rooms is sometimes quite annoying . The staff members do little to try to ameliorate the situation for the dissatisfied guest , so it seems as if your pleas for help go unnoticed . The hotel tries to adopt a French flavor , but its efforts fall short . The only real French influences are found in the names of restaurants and bars . The hotel is conveniently located in the heart of the city , but this location also adds to the less-than-cozy feel of the establishment . The same complaint about the guest rooms and noise applies to the hotel in general . The city 's traffic and noise both detract from the ability to fully enjoy one 's stay here . Overall , I would not recommend this hotel . Make a different choice .
Upon arriving to the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago , I was immediately impressed . The staff was friendly and checked us in quickly , which is important to me after a long trip . Our room was immaculate and decorated in a clean modern style . The bed was very comfortable , including the linens which felt high quality , unlike what you get at some other hotels . All this made for a great night sleep . Perhaps the most impressive part of our stay at the Hard Rock Hotel was their `` Party like a Rottweiler '' package we added to our reservation . For an additional fee we were able to bring our pet and were provided with treats , toys and best of all the pet cam ! We left our dog in the room with a pet cam and were able to watch him throughout the day on my iPhone ! All in all this was a great place to stay and I 'd highly recommend it to anyone who wants to travel with their pet .
The Amalfi Hotel has a beautiful website and interior decorating , but that 's about it . When my wife and I got here , we were given keys to a room that had not even been cleaned ! The Internet access promised on the hotel 's website was down , so I could n't catch up on any of the business I had intended to do , and my wife thought that the dark design details in the room made her feel claustrophobic , like she was sleeping inside a Salvador Dali painting . All in all , this hotel was not worth the money , especially since we spent most of our time enjoying the city -- something more casual and comfortable would have been better , and it would probably have been cleaner , too !
The Affinia Hotel is beautiful ! It 's in a great location , the service is top-notch , and the rooms are very comfortable and spacious . The look of the hotel is very modern , but it feels warm and cozy , too . The restaurant is amazing ! I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would definitely go back ! If you 're planning a trip to Chicago , check this place out !
My stay at the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was by far the worst hotel stay I ever had . I would not recommend this hotel to anyone . They promised I would be able to relax in the spa area and it was dirty and not relaxing at all . When I got to my room I ordered room service and it took them 45 minutes to bring what I ordered . I am highly dissatisfied .
Oh my goodness , this has got to be one of the worst places to stay in all of downtown Chicago . It all went well enough checking in , but them went downhill . There was so much left to be desired . The biggest problem was a huge turd in the toilet , I kid you not ! I guess the maid was rather busy that day or took a break and forgot about it , I just do n't know . But for the prices they charge , this type of thing is unacceptable . Most everything else about the actual room was as expected . The noise was a bit more than I 'm used to though , but there was a convention of college age kids staying on the floor above us . So we asked to be moved to another room , they did get us in another room , but that took nearly 2 hours . The second room worked out well for us , but I wo n't be risking staying here again . Plus the pool was not available , I really wish they would have mentioned that on their website , I was looking forward to it for days . All in all , it is a beautiful place in a wonderful location , but they need to work on their customer service before I 'll reconsider staying at the Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown .
My husband and I stayed at the Conrad Chicago on our 1st anniversary tripped and had a WONDERFUL experience thanks to the staff . Not only is the hotel and a great location with many places to eat and socialize within walking distance , but they rooms were also clean and quiet . The staff was helpful and accommodated our requests . We 'll definitely be staying here again next time we visit Chicago ! Also if you stay you MUST eat at The Restaurant . Fabulous food !
Luxury and comfort combine to give a wonderful sense of relaxation for guests at the Omni Chicago Hotel . Their rooms are some of the cleanest and most well-furnished I have ever seen at a four-diamond hotel , and the 676 Lounge , which has accommodating late hours , was perfect for me to relax after a day of work . The workout room is absolutely HUGE , and each treadmill has its own TV to watch while working out - fantastic ! Overall , my experience at the Omni was amazing . I 'll definitely be coming back the next time I 'm in Chicago !
I had reservations to check into the Chicago Conrad . When we arrived my wife and I were told the hotel was oversold and that I would have to take a double room rather than a king . This was a special weekend for my wife and I so this was a big disappointment . We were offered a free dinner which we accepted . The restaurant was dark and the food was fairly good . The tub in the bathroom was clogged with hair and we had to call maintenance to repair . This took about an hour to resolve . Overall we would not pick this hotel again . They should make sure all commitments are met and rooms are in excellent condition . We feel it was not a good value .
Sofitel Chicago Water Tower is a four star hotel that is minutes aways from the Magnificent mile , Navy Peir , The museum of contemperary art , lake michigan and upscale boutiques . This hotel is great for tourest . it has 450 great rooms and 33 high end sweets . It has a modern diesighn and rich arcitechusall legacy . IT has great food and out door dinning it also has a great veiws , while drinking wine and champane cotails in there amazing bar . Overall this hotel is by far the best hotel ive stayed in .
There were many positives when staying in this hotel at the north end of the Magnificant Mile . The rooms were spacious and beautifully appointed with great attention to detail . The quality of service was excellent , the staff professional , and the location was perfect . There are great views of Chicago from many of the rooms . The staff seemed to care about the quality of my stay from the moment I was greeted upon arrival to the moment I got in my taxi to leave . There is a nice rooftop bar/restaurant perfect for a lite meal or a refreshing cocktail with great views of the city . There really were n't any negatives and I would recommend this boutique hotel to anyone staying in the Chicago area .
This hotel is ok but is not the best for the money . First of all the parking prices are exorbitant . I know parking is at a premium for this location but the price is much too high . Also , the service at this hotel was poor . I felt like room service took too long and considering the price the service was poor in general , and the staff at The Palmer House seemed more interested in helping the richer or more known customers more than us . In addition I feel that there were too many fees including a fee for internet . Also the rooms were very clean and beds very nice but there was some noise and you could hear the people walking above you . I would say it was an average experience at this hotel and considering the price maybe think twice about The Palmer House .
As a frequent traveler for both business and pleasure , clean and comfortable accommodations at a reasonable price are important to me . Homewood Suites Chicago provides all of that and more ! The room was spacious and immaculately kept , with all the tools you could need to prepare a meal in the full-sized kitchen . After a busy work day , it was wonderful to be able to kick back in front of the huge flat-screen television to relax , with a spectacular backdrop of the city outside . I will definitely book a room next time in Chicago and I 'll definitely continue to stay at Homewood Suites in other cities .
I have recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago Hotel and although I have stayed there a variety of times before , for both business and pleasure , my experience this time was particularly poor . From right when I checked in to the day I left I felt like I was constantly around unfriendly people who did n't want to be at work their to do their jobs . My room was dirty the whole time even though the maid came every day , and when I was trying to sleep at night it was so loud in the hallways , I could n't sleep . For my next visit to Chicago I wo n't be staying at the Hyatt Regency .
My husband and I planned a romantic getway for past several months and was looking forward to spending the end of the summer in Chicago . However our excitement soon turned to disappointment and frustrations upon our arrival . The hotel was quite charming when we walked in the door but then everything went wrong . The gentleman checking us in could not find our reservation and was quite impatient and rude once we showed our confirmation papers . The manager did make accomondations for us after much discussion back and forth . We did not have towels in the room when we checked in and it took at least an hour and several phone calls before the towels were sent to our room . Needless to say , I was extremely tired and wanted nothing more than to take a warm shower and turn in . If we had not paid the total cost up front , we would have just left and check into another hotel .
What was supposed to be a fun weekend getaway with the girls in Chicago turned into a complete disaster . The first problem arose when we arrived at the airport and the car the hotel concierge was supposed to arrange to pick up our group of 6 was a small town car there was no chance we could all fit in ... they knew we had 6 ! We ended up just getting a taxi van to take us all to the hotel . When we arrived they had our three rooms spread out on 3 different floors despite our request for rooms near each other . After some finagling they were finally able to get us in 3 rooms on the same floor , unfortunately one of the rooms had n't even been cleaned which meant more waiting around . The staff never seemed to have any sense of urgency when we voiced our concerns nor did they offer any apologies for the inconveniences they were creating . On our second morning we were woken up by a loud noise that sounded like funriture being rearranged in the room above us at 5:30am . Despite my calls to the front desk , the sound seemed to continue for about 45 minutes . We also did n't know the hotel was sooo pet friendly . One morning we woke up to find a huge dog turd just outside the room door . I understand they allow pets , but really ... people need to clean up after their animals ... or have some dog free floors . While Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago may be beautifully decorated and offer some great rooms , their service was terrible , the staff was rude , and I still ca n't get over that dog poo in the hallway . I definitely wo n't be staying here again .
I traveled to Chicago with my husband for a romantic weekend away . Our stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower could not have been more luxurious ! Our room had anything you could ever want , a mini bar , air conditioning . We were also within walking distance of many sites and fun restaurants . The staff was friendly , and the beds were like clouds . Overall , the experience was worth every penny .
My stay at this hotel was one of the best I have ever had ! The location , service and accommodations were all outstanding ! ! The lobby area is beautiful as was my room . In the room there was more than enough space , which is difficult to find in Chicago hotels . My only gripe was the room was a little dark . Sure , staying at a small , upper-class hotel like the Talbott involves paying a premium but it was well worth it . The service was timely and everyone seemed friendly and informed . The room service took a bit longer than I would have liked , however , the food was good quality . Another nice touch was the gym pass provided for guests at the Equinox Fitness Center . Finally , the location is PERFECT ! ! It 's located in a beautiful area of the city near the Gold Coast , which has many very good restaurants . A personal favorite of mine is Mario 's , a nice Italian place nearby . Overall , my experience at the hotel was good and while it had some minor flaws they were , for the most part , insignificant .
Upon entering my hotel room at The Palmer House Hilton I immediately turned my nose up at a foul odor coming from the bathroom . After placing my bags on a poorly made bed I walked into the bathroom to find the last visitor had failed to flush the toilet . I immediately called room service and asked for a new room . They apologetically told me there were no other rooms available but would send someone right up to handle the mess . After oh around a half hour of waiting a very angry maid knocked at my door . She seemed very irritated to have to deal with the mess and looked at me as if I should have been the one dealing with it . After the room was cleaned up she turned to me as if asking for a tip . I hesitated and she angrily stormed out of the room . I thought things would run smoother and tried to relax with an ipod . Yes you can use your ipod in the room however what they fail to mention is the constant white noise because the signals are so poor . And nothing could compare to the remote control heating and air . When I was able to get the buttons on the remote to work the temperature seemed to change on its own . If I wanted hot air it would slowly get colder and vise versa . After giving up on a nice television program I decided to retire to bed . Egyptian sheets ? Right ! All I can say is I found myself early to check out and in a new hotel within the next hour . If you value your back do not rent a room from this hotel .
I recently stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel . It was my first time staying at this hotel and , I am sorry to say , it was my last time staying there . One of my main issues with this hotel was the amount of noise . The walls must be very thin because lying in bed at night I could hear my neighbors in the next room talking . Although I could not quite make out the words of their conversations , I could definitely hear their voices as more than just a murmer . In addition , I was awakened several times by people conversing in the hallway as they walked by my door , presumably on the way to their rooms . Admittedly , I am a light sleeper , but this was ridiculous . If you decide to stay here , I suggest that you check your bill very carefully before check out . When I checked mine , I found that I was being charged a rate higher than the one that I was supposed to be charged . I had to wait in line at the front desk for someone to help me ( and the front desk service is woefully slow ) and finally had to ask to speak to a supervisor before the error could be corrected . Finally , though I had been told upon check-in that my room had been recently updated , I can not believe that statement was accurate . The room appeared to be rather dated in its furnishings and decor and the carpet appeared to be somewhat worn . All in all , I round my stay at this hotel to be disappointing . Next time I will arrange to stay elsewhere .
Best hotel in an excellent location I stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower with my husband and kid as he came there for a Business purpose . My 1 year old kid was jumping on the bed and he really enjoyed the atmosphere of the room . The front desk people were too welcoming and the staffs were very friendly . The room service was also good . The room was very clean and the bathrooms are so good . I like the decor of the room . The French restaurant in Sofitel is so good and we both enjoyed the dining . I will surely prefer to stay in Sofitel on a next time travel to Chicago .
I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago for business , but extended my stay through the weekend because i loved it ! The accommodations exceeded my expectations . My bed was very comfortable , the room was big enough , and the shower was so relaxing . I had a great meal in the chop shop and the coffee was delicious at J 's express . The fitness center was clean , and inspiring . I will recommend this hotel to others while in the area .
I received the type of room that I had reserved . Cleanliness seems to be an issue with the maid staff . The carpet had debris and the bathroom needed attention . Room service was adequate but not great . The walls seem to be paper then as I heard one neighbor 's TV for most of the night and the other neighbor 's late enjoyment .
The Palmer House Hilton is located in the heart of the theatre , financial and shopping districts of downtown Chicago . It is walking distance to museums , shopping , government and corporate buildings . The location makes it perfect for visiting Chicago . The rooms are luxurious , with super comfortable beds and soft sheets . The rooms was clean and quite nice looking . The hotel 's restaurants are amazing . The hotel would definately exceed your expectations , whether you are a business traveler or there on vacation .
I was initially excited when I found out that my employer was sending me to Chicago on business , but I could never have imagined the frustration and irritation that would be heaped on me by the inept staff of The James Chicago . When I arrived , my reservation could not be found in their system , although I had made it myself . After some words with the manager on duty , Mr. Chad Montgomery , I was given a room at the previously agreed upon rate . Anyone can make a mistake , so I was n't too angry at that point . My room was bland and colorless , in spite of The James ' boasts of their attention to design and detail . The room was mostly clean , but after seeing the stains on the bedding , I am not convinced that they were washed after the room 's last occupant . I attended a stressful business meeting in The Dining Room that night , complete with cold and undercooked food served by sloppy , disgruntled waitstaff . Afterward I decided that a relaxing spa treatment was in order . I was assured that I would enjoy `` Asha 's Purifying Shower Ritual '' , which would primarily take place in my own room . The shower was okay , but I think I must be allergic to the jojoba oil provided , because I broke out in hives all over my body . Next came the `` in-room '' portion . While I was in the shower , five of the foulest smelling candles had been lit in my room . I guess they were supposed to make it smell good , but I began choking on the odor the minute I walked in the room . My masseuse directed me to lie on the bed for the next portion , but his hands wandered a little too much for my liking . I am sure certain areas are NOT on the massage menu . In closing , if you have ever considered staying at The James Chicago , I beg of you to reconsider . With only a handful of positive things to say about the hotel , and a suitcase full of negative ( including a pending court case against the masseuse ) , I can almost guarantee you would regret staying there . I know I do .
I would not reccomend staying at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago if you want a good deal and a good nights sleep . I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago for two nights this past July . I had a select king city view room . The room was dark , with ugly black carpets and the view was of another building right next door - not a great view . I was on an upper level floor and the elevators were incredibly slow . The hotel was pretty loud and the people in the room next to mine were up partying all night long , so it was very hard to get to sleep on my first night there . When I called to complain at the front desk they promised to do something about it but never did . I ended up having to call two more times before the management did something about the room next door . They quieted down for about an hour , but then were loud again for the rest of the night . The hotel was expensive , and for the price there were n't very many special amenities . There was no continental breakfast and the wifi was not included -- you had to sign up for a day of service at $ 10 a day . Overall I would not recommend staying at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago , as it is way overpriced for what you get .
When I had to visit Chicago for business I asked some of my associates where to stay and several of them recommended the Hotel Allegro . After my stay I can honestly say that I agree . From the luxurious bedding to the technological amenities , everything was thought of . The only place I find more comfortable then this hotel is my actual home . I now know where I will be staying every time I have business in this city , and anyone I know who is doing the same will hear so .
Could n't have asked for a better home base for checking out downtown Chicago . Hotel Sofitel is right in the heart of the action , allowing my friends and I to hit the clubs and enjoy the local cuisine downtown 's famous for . The room was comfy , with two queen mattresses , down stuffed duvets and chic decor . The bar downstairs was a bit pricey , but made up for it by being comfortable , sleek , and staffed with attentive bartenders who made excellent cocktails . One night we did n't feel like going out so we headed downstairs to eat at the Cafe des Architectes , which had an amazing array of choices , mostly of the French persuasion . I would definitely book here again !
I 've never written a review before , but I just had to share my experience with Chicago 's InterContinental Hotel . I booked a weekend at this hotel for my wife 's birthday . We 've never stayed at a luxury hotel before and I thought this would be a great experience for us . The horrors started when we first got to the counter . The clerk mixed up our rooms and when I pointed this out he got really snooty with me . We get to our room and the maid had n't cleaned it yet ! We had to wait around for that , so we went to the hotel 's restaurant and the food was terrible and overpriced . Finally our room is finished and the the `` view '' we were promised was non-existent . To top it off the maid did a terrible job cleaning . The toilet was dirty and we actually found a stain . A stain ! on the sheets . What a waste of money . I pointed this out the concierge and we were n't even offered a refund or discount . Never again .
I had never been to Chicago and was looking forward to sightseeing after my business conference . My company had arranged for me to stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel located in the center of the Magnificent Mile . Once I arrived at the hotel and gave it the once over , I was pleased but not impressed . Once I put down by luggage and inquired about my reservation . I was told that my room was not ready yet and that there 'd be an hour delay . I tried not to lose my temper and pleasantly asked if I could have another room . I was told there was a convention going on in the hotel and every room was filled . I would have left , but my company had a account at this hotel . If I stayed somewhere else , I 'd have to pay out of pocket . The service employee behind the counter flippantly told me to take a seat and went back to talking with his gum-chewing co-worker . I picked up my luggage and plopped down in a cushy chair that wobbled . The leg in front on the left side was broken . I picked up my luggage and moved to another chair . Two hours passed by before I was given my room . When I walked into the room the first thing I smelled was cigarette smoke . I was mad because I explicitly asked for a `` non-smoking '' room . I was furious . I did n't feel like going back downstairs and dealing with the idiot behind the counter and I was tried from my long flight . I sighed , tipped the bellboy and slammed the door to my room . I thought maybe I could use the air conditioning to freshen the room . When I went to turn it on , it did n't work . Tired and angry , I went to sleep , thinking I 'll never stay at this hotel again .
The InterContinental hotel is truly a hidden treasure . Nestled deep in sky scraping steel epicenter of downtown Chicago , the hotel is a taste of both modern day luxury and old time charm . From the tiled indoor pool surrounded by high Romanesque arching ceilings to the rich mahogany furniture and lace curtains in the suites , the InterContinental was built to satisfy the taste of even the most hardened traveler . Book well in advance as it is one of the most sought after retreats in all of Chicago .
The InterContinental Chicago is located in the heart of Downtown Chicago , Illinois on North Michigan Avenue , the Magnificent Mile . This hotel is located within moments , not minutes , from the Navy Pier , Millennium Park , and Magnificent Mile Shopping . The InterContinental Chicago boasts a modern fitness center that feature free weights , a cardio room , dry saunas , as well as , masseurs . When business knocks at your door , the hotel has a 24 hour business center providing high-speed internet access , fax , and photocopying services . The accommodations at the InterContinental Chicago are elegant with a touch of historic decor . The room had a breath-taking view of Chicago , as well as , had an in-room mini-bar , terry-cloth bath robes , over-sized desks , high-speed internet access , and a 37-inch Hi Def LCD Television . Not only was the overall quality of the property in stunning condition , the staff at the InterContinental Chicago were welcoming , caring , and demonstrated a profound customer-service base .
I was very disappointed with this hotel . I have stayed in other Swissotels and enjoyed them very much , but the service can only be described as aloof . There was no warmth during the prolonged checkin procedure , and the woman repeatedly asked me to provide information I had given her minutes ago . Precise , indeed . Room service took forever to pick up ( good sign in a way=busy because they are good ) , but the food arrived very late and very cold . The man tried to replace it , but than took another hour , and I was never given a price reduction , free dessert , or anything to apologize . As for cleanliness , they must be next to godly , as they knocked on my door at 0800 , despite the fact I had a doorknocker requesting no service ( I 'm a late sleeper . ) Very disappointed with my stay . This hotel clearly did not help build the chain 's reputation .
I would n't know how to begin to write something negative about the Millenium Knickerbocker Hotel in Chicago . Everything about this hotel is fantastic from the outside of the building to the hotel lobby all the way to the rooms . With very clean and plush rooms , this is the place to stay ! When you are not at the hotel eating at the elegant dining area or having a great breakfast first thing in the morning , there is plenty to do around the town . Take a shopping spree down Michigan Ave or head to one of the museums or the pier to look around . Whatever you decide to do , you ca n't go wrong . This place is wonderful !
The Amalfi Hotel in Chicago is a wonderful hotel . I had the opportunity to stay there on business and wished I could have stayed for longer . The staff is so nice and helpful . They really treat you like a VIP and are there to help with any questions you might have . The rooms are so beautifully decorated that you wish you could hire their designer to do your home . In my room I had access to my own personal dvd and cd collection . Did I say IN the room ? I did n't even have to leave or order something on the television . It was nice to shower with their AVEDA products and get into my microfiber robe and slippers that they supplied me . While staying in for the night I was also able to use my laptop in my room since they have wifi throughout the hotel.The bed was very comfortable and everything was so clean ! In the morning I was treated to a great complimentary breakfast and ordered a massage . Yes ... ordered . They came to my room and I did n't even have to leave . Very comfy ! This hotel was by far the best that I have stayed in and I travel a lot for business so I would know.You always have high expectations when you 're staying at hotels and I 'm pleased to say that my expectations were far exceeded . I 'm recommending this hotel to everyone I know that will be staying in the Chicago area . I will definitely be back and make reservations for a longer stay this time because I just did n't want to leave ! I would rate this hotel 5 out of 5 stars .
We booked this trip several months in advance and were greatly looking forward to our stay at the Hotel Monaco in Chicago . However , our experience was significantly different from what we expected , for the following reasons . First of all , there was only one person at the front desk when we arrived . That person was preoccupied with something on their computer so our presence was not acknowledged for several minutes . Then when we got to our room , there were beautiful drapes in the window and across one entire wall but I found them to be incredibly dusty . Just bumping into them slightly caused a cloud of dust to emerge which I found distasteful . Overall it was a good stay but those two inconveniences made us question the amount of money we paid for it .
When most people think Hilton , they think luxury . I know I did . I only wish I 'd been half right . Upon arriving , I was informed that the incompetent staff had lost my reservation entirely . Not a very auspicious start , but they did find me another room . Granted , the new room had an oh-so-scenic view of the broadside of an adjacent building . But , fine . I was willing to let this slide . I did n't want to be difficult . In the following days of my stay , it got a little harder to ignore all the minor problems that were making the Hilton very undeserving of the term , luxury hotel . Noisy neighbors . Rude staff . If the state of my bathroom towels was anything to go by upon checkout , I doubt my sheets were changed even once . Next time I 'll ignore the hype and stay somewhere cheaper . The service could n't possibly be worse .
The Hard Rock should stick to restaurants . After a recent stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago I think they should go back to what there good at . Besides having to wait an hour for my room to be ready ( this is after my check in time ) , the receptionist was very rude and seemed to not care that I was being delayed . After seeing the state the room was in I still do not understand what took so long . The sheets look to have been picked up off the floor and returned to the bed . The bathroom looked as if somebody had just used it ( I will leave out the details ) . Complaining did n't seem to get me anywhere , they offered me a small discount at the hotel 's bar . After this experience I will be more likely to book at a Motel 6 then return to the Hard Rock .
Staying at the Swissotel in downtown Chicago is not so much the typical stay so much as it is an experience . Not only is the hotel located in a great area to get to all local attractions , but while you are at the hotel you will have many amazing accommodations at your disposal . There are two gourmet on site restaurants and a lounge to relax and get great food . The rooms are over sized and the beds are among the most comfortable you will ever find . Finally , the service is award winning so anything that you do not already have at the Swissotel will be at your fingertips with their assistance . Overall I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for more than the typical hotel .
When I went to The James hotel in Chicago I truly expected a luxury experience exactly like what they were advertising . Gorgeous chairs , staff at the desk focusing on their job , and a clean , well decorated hotel room . Much to my , and my wallet 's dismay I found quite the opposite . I arrived to the hotel late after my flight was delayed , and found the clerk reading a magazine . It must have been a fascinating article , as it took him a full minute to look up and ask if I had a reservation , or would be making one . I said I had one , and gave him the voucher I 'd printed out . He checked it , and said that all the single rooms had already been rented out , he went on to say that I would have to pay extra for a two or three person room if I wished to stay the night . I grudgingly accepted the two person option as the jet lag was setting in and I desperately needed to get some sleep . The clerk offered to walk me to my room , saying I looked tired and trying to navigate the hotel would be much easier after I got some sleep . I accepted , and followed him to my new room . He carried the briefcase I had with me , but it was not apparent why at the time as I had both hands free . He ushered me into my room , setting the briefcase down inside , and said if I needed anything that the phone next to the bed would give me a direct line to room service without having to dial anything . I thanked him and closed the door . It was then that I looked around and fully saw where I was staying . What was supposedly a two person suite was two twin beds 6 '' apart , covered in ruffled blankets and sheets . The cleaning staff had obviously not been in here recently . A quick look around the other areas and I found the bathroom was out of toilet paper and soap , not even the complementary ones were left behind . I got ready for bed , and looked around for the TV remote , which it turned out , had no batteries in it . Instead , I just turned out the lights and rolled over , sheets and blanket turned inside out to try and find a cleaner option . In the morning I walked down to the lobby and asked to check out . I 'd had enough of the hotel after one night . The clerk that morning was a cheerful blond who cheerfully asked me my room number and handed me a bill . $ 240 for my room , and an extra $ 80 with a note about a baggage service . I asked her about it , and she said if anyone carried my bags to my room for me it was filed under the baggage service . I asked if it was considered reasonable to charge $ 80 for carrying a suitcase to a room two floors up , and riding the elevator , and she said it was unusual , but not unheard of . She offered to change it to a `` mere '' $ 20 and handed me a slip with a phone number , name , and reason for the disagreement , saying that the manager would handle any complaints between the clerk and I after I signed it . I did so , and left , my wallet $ 260 lighter , and my head throbbing with a headache from lack of sleep .
First stepping foot on the hotel propety I could tell it was a negative place , Seeing as how there was what apperd to me to be Vice Lords all aroung the property . Not that i have a personal problem or affelated with another gang , It 's just the way they was acting , drinking the hotels cheepest wine , they could of been there for securaty purpouses like the hell 's angels was to some concerts . Walking in the hotel i oder hit me . It smelled like a cretan type of burning wood that i have smelled , only later to find out it was the smell of rock cocine . I looked at the pool only to find there was no watter and scateborders all around the place . Me being a high class bizness man , I decided to leave .
My husband and I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago and we ca n't wait to go back ! The hotel is located in downtown Chicago and seems to be at the heart of the city , we were close to everything . The Hard Rock Hotel is forty stories high and the view from our room was simply breathtaking . The room itself was spotless and featured modern luxurious decor and furnishings . The bed was heavenly . The hotel staff was friendly , upbeat and extremely helpful , we asked for directions and restaurant recommendations and they were spot on with both . I highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago and I would stay there again in a heartbeat .
My husband and I satayed for two nights at the Hilton Chicago , and enjoyed every minute of it ! The bedrooms are immaculate , and the linnens are very soft . We also appreciated the free wifi , as we could stay in touch with friends while staying in Chicago . The bathroom was quite spacious , and I loved the smell of the shampoo they provided-not like most hotel shampoos . Their service was amazing , and we absolutely loved the beautiful indoor pool . I would recommend staying here to anyone .
I was in business in Chicago , so I decided to choose what I thought would be a relaxing hotel to treat myself a bit . I should have known when the woman at the front desk rolled her eyes when I asked for some of the complimentary apple cider advertised . She told me , `` It 's by the signs '' in a `` you-idiot '' kind of voice . Too bad the signs were too far away from me to read without my glasses ! I was ashamed and did not ask for anything from the front desk again . The room itself was horribly decorated and nothing special . The `` I 'm too ugly to steal '' furniture patterns and colors did not say `` luxury '' to me ! I went down to relax by the pool with my laptop , to get some work done . Unfortunately , the pool was overrun with about five rowdy kids . No parents in sight . I would have reported them to the front desk , but was shamed by the aforementioned apple cider incident . Thank God I left my laptop in its case , or it would have been ruined by all of the water that was splashed on me ! The `` free breakfast '' tasted like cardboard ; it was something akin to a free breakfast at a $ 60-a-night hotel . I only tried it once because it made me feel sick when I ate it . The only good thing about my experience was leaving this overpriced motel behind to go to work !
I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers recently , and I was completely dissatisfied . When I arrived the clerk was very rude to my guest and myself . We finally got all of our things figured out and went to our room . There is a river right outside and i constantly heard boats passing by . My bathroom was disgusting and not to mention , very small . I did not have a very pleasant experience at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers .
I was visiting relatives in Chicago and wanted to stay in a hotel that emphasized luxury and was also environmentally friendly , and the Talbott seemed to fit the bill . I also could n't help but notice all the positive reviews online . I figured I could n't go wrong and I am happy to report the positive reviews are true . First of all check in was a breeze . I love their online reservation system . It was easy to use and the information presented was quick and accurate . Once I arrived in Chicago I was greeted by Tim at the door and I immediately felt like wanted and liked . The receptionist was very polite and when she heard I was visiting Chicago for the first time , she upgraded my Deluxe King to an Executive King . Score ! The room was just as advertised , luxurious and convenient . It was also exceptionally clean and this is very important to me because I am paranoid of germs and bed bugs . Most importantly though , I got a good night 's sleeep because the bed and pillows were super soft , but firm enough to help support my back . I also used the Equinox Fitness Club and , wow , what a club . This is another great amenity of the Talbott and easily beats other hotels skimpy workout centers . My check-out was quick , easy , and painless . This hotel gets my highest recommendation . The facilities are immaculate and modern with the recent upgrade , the staff is ultra-friendly and competent , and the location was perfect for my needs .
Our vacation was highlighted by a four day stay at Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown.I believed it would be the best part of the trip ; I discovered it was an unfolding nightmare . While in our lovely room on the fifteenth floor , a voice emanating from the phone , informed us of the pending fire alarm and what procedures to follow . Anyone above the tenth floor was instructed to go into the bathroom , wet towels and place them along the bottom of the closed door.Do not use the elevators and wait for further instructions.We nervously waited for twenty minutes without any further communications from the voice in the phone.We then decided to exit via the stairs , realizing too late that once you entered the stairwells , doors behind you were locked.We continued to travel downward , against the backdrop music of sirens and loud muffled speakers.Obviously , we were rescued without any physical injuries ; yet emotionally we were damaged.I now choose my hotels in the range of ten floors or less .
My visit to the Conrad Chicago in the heart of downtown was a luxurious experience bar none . The lobby is immaculate and is filled with reams of class and style . The rooms are beautifully adorned . I especially like the flat screen TV and wired internet . I 'm never happy with wireless connections so it is nice to find a hotel that knows that its guests need fast , reliable internet connectivity , and it 's included at no additional charge . The view from the room was magnificent ... downtown Chicago at night ! The Restaurant is spectacular but the Terrace is the place to be when weather permits . You can not get a more breathtaking view and be able to relax in the gentle breeze of evening while dining on the finest gourmet foods . Do n't forget to visit the Health and Fitness center with their selection of aerobic and anaerobic workout equipment . The staff is attentive to your every need and the concierges can get you whatever you need . Just ask ! This is the place to stay in Chicago if you want to be pampered in luxury !
My recent stay at the Talbott Hotel in Chicago was miserable . My visit began on the wrong foot when they could n't locate my reservation . I had my reservation code and the email confirmation but they insisted they could n't find me `` in the system '' . We finally agreed to scrap that reservation and start over . That process was lengthy as they were training a new girl on how to take reservations . The room that I had originally reserved ( King ) was not available and I had to wait 45 minutes for them to clean a Double room . I was so tired from the traveling and the hassle at the front desk that I decided to stay in and order room service . It took an hour and a half for my food to arrive . When finally delivered , it was cold and not exactly how I had ordered it . So now I am cranky , tired and starving ! I ate what I could from the mini bar ( poor selection of items ) and went to bed . The room was spacious but had a stale smell to it , as if someone had smoked in it . The next morning I complained and wanted to change rooms . The woman at the front desk could n't be bothered with me and did n't try to make things right in any way . I decided to check out and go to another hotel for the remainder of my stay in Chicago . I will never waste my time or money at The Talbott again .
Stay away from this hotel . A few months back me and my wife decided to get out and have a nice pampered away from home weekend . Looking at different options for this weekend we decided to go with the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers . They claim `` Experience the extraordinary `` and this sounded great . When we arrived at hotel we were met buy a closed front door and nobody to help with bags . The front desk clerk explained that our room was not yet ready and to goto the bar for some complemenatry drinks . After waiting 2 hours for our room we finally can start to relax . Well upon entering room the smell of something horrible is overwhelming . The front desk informed us there was no other rooms and they would bring up some air freshner . We packed our bags and headed over to `` x '' hotel and were able to get to our pampered weekend away from home .
I stayed at the Swissotel Chicago while I was on holiday recently and I have to say , that you definitely get what you pay for ! I was initially attracted by their inexpensive prices for the luxury that they promised . I was sorely mistaken . The first problem I had was when I got there they told me that they had double booked the suite I had reserved . They gave me a discount but had to downgrade me to a regular room . I should have left then but I decided to keep an open mind . After we were all settled in my husband and I went to The Palm restaurant . My husband has food allergies and they got his order wrong so we had to send it back three times . Each time we asked them to fix it , they stormed off angrily and would return in a huff . After dinner , we went back to our room . Just sitting on the bed I knew it would be a long night . The mattress was hard and the blankets had a bad smell to them . When I went to the restroom , the toilet had not been cleaned from the previous patrons ! My husband grabbed a blanket out of the car and we used it instead of the smelly one . We just did n't want to bother the desk staff after the cold reception when we had walked in . I tried their massage service the next day and the massage therapist was very unprofessional . He pressed really had and hurt my back . Perhaps it was because he was distracted with all the texting he was doing off and on throughout the session ! For lunch we tried Geneva restaurant in the hotel and the food was not cooked all the way . I decided to eat it anyway and got food poisoning about an hour later ! Once I got sick , I was done . I went to the desk and demanded a refund for the next two nights because I was not going to sleep there one more night . I made a formal complaint with the manager who seemed to act like it was our fault and that we were being unreasonable . After a lot of arguing , he finally refunded us and we went to a different hotel . This was the worst place I had ever stayed ! I think a Super 8 Motel would have been more luxurious !
Affinia hotel in Chicago was one of the most interesting hotels I have ever stayed in . Everything looks very nice and fancy , though the people that work there must be from the projects of Chicago . The customer service was the worst I have ever experienced in my life ! When we went to check in , first we had to wait about 15 minutes for the 3 workers that were at the desk to stop their personal conversation and check us in . When the women at the counter finally acknowledged us , she was smacking her gum , and was upset and treating us like we were inconveniencing her ! The room service brought us cold eggs for breakfast , and the attitude of the staff overall was extremely rude . I would NEVER go back , and I hope this place gets a staff makeover if they want to stay in business .
Our trip to Chicago was a complete delight despite our stay at the Affinia Hotel . Because their rates were actually higher than we were used to in New York City , we naturally assumed we would get a nicer establishment . We could not have been more wrong . This place focuses on gimmicks to set themselves apart from their competition . Uunfortunately , it does set them apart but in a strictly negative way . Both the `` Dream Pillow Menu '' and the `` Experience Kit '' were a complete flop . With the `` Dream Pillow Menu '' , the hotel offered patrons what seemed to be great pillow choices from down-stuffed to hypoallergenic selections . We happily chose the fluffy down pillows but when we got to our room and laid down on them a giant poof of dust came out . At first , I thought it was my imagination so I stood up and hit the pillows on the edge of the bed . More dust came out them ! Particles were flying around the room , I 'm now sneezing and there was this disgusting grit all over my sunglasses that were sitting on the night stand . I called the desk and they sent up replacements for all the pillows . These pillows were some kind of `` music pillow '' that pluged into an mp3 player . I was sleeping on uncomfortable cords all night . In general , the staff was pleasant and tried to be accommodating , but there was just no apology good enough for filthy pillows . Another failed gimmick they offered was the `` Experience Kits '' . We were given ( ours to keep ) a collection of some maps ( which were actually very nice ) , a walking tour guide that was all marked up , and a handy deck of cards opened and missing two cards . If this place lacked attention to detail , that is one thing , but it lacked any attention at all . If the pillows were n't already enough , at this point I was certain that I would never stay at this establishment again . Run , do n't walk away from this place .
The Talbot hotel is an elegant place to take you wife or husband for a weekend getaway . The personally yours romantic package was fabulous . Upon check in we opened our room door and found a romantic atmosphere . There was rose pedals and luxurious bathrobes . We felt like it was our honey moon all over again .
My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Allegro Chicago to celebrate our 2nd wedding anniversary this past weekend . The hotel is the perfect combination of sophistication and glamour from the moment you arrive . The concierge staff was very friendly and accommodating throughout our weekend stay , and the hotel itself provided many interesting and fun things to do . We were very impressed with the overall setup of the hotel ; the lobby , dining areas , and rooms all had a special touch of class that made our weekend exciting and full of luxury . The decor of our room was very modern and eclectic with hues of blue and white , and lighting that complimented and set the mood . The bar and lounge areas had excellent service , and the views from our room perfectly captured the excitement of downtown Chicago . Additionally , my husband and I were extra pleased to learn that because we are AAA members , we would be receiving 20 % off our room rate for the weekend . Overall , the amenities and experience of staying at the Hotel Allegro Chicago made us feel like movie stars , pampered and taken care of all weekend in a classy establishment , one in which we would definitely choose to stay again .
The Omni Chicago Hotel is not pretty as they advertise it . First of all , it really difficult to get there because its located in down town Chicago and they fail to mention that the traffic is a nightmare . If you finally make to the hotel you have to wait like 30 minutes for the front desk to take care of you . When I arrived there was one person at the desk and a few people checking in , and I thought the wait time was ridiculous . To make matters worse , I need internet connection and the day I was there they had technical problems and the Internet was not working in my room . Two hours later they managed it get to work , the connection was still very slow . For my part , the hotel might look nice but services is did not meet my expectations . I was disappointed and will never stay there again , if I go back to Chicago . If was rating it , I would give it 1/2 star out of 5 .
My husband and I arrived at the Swissotel Chicago to celebrate our 13th wedding anniversary . We automatically thought our experience would be nice because the pictures on the website and the hotel 's brochure intrigued us . Boy were wee wrong ! Upon arrival ( at the given and advertised check-in time ) our room was not ready . We waited for more than an hour , with our bags in hand . We checked more than twice to see if the room was ready , but the staff was less than `` warm '' both times . After a few frowns and mumbles from the people at the desk in the hotels ' lobby , tired and finally arriving to our room , we expected to take a nap and hit the city . We reserved the premier Corner King or so we thought . We were supposed to be able to see the lakes and rivers and the skyline . Yeah , right ! All we saw were the brick side of the other side of the building . In addition , the water in the shower had little pressure . We called the front desk , the phone rang for 21 times before someone answered . My husband said that he thinks that they knew we were the people calling . We requested a better room , but they said that none was available . However , they did have an upgraded room , but we would have to pay some sort of upgrade fee . We could not believe it . My husband felt that we should not `` agitate '' them any further , for fear that they might make things even worse for us : like turn off our air . We threw on some more jeans and headed fro the coffee shop around the corner that had given us refuge before . After returning about 2 hours later , the water pressure was fixed . The room was clean and the bed was plush , but the overall experience ( especially the rudeness of the staff ) was not good . Let 's just say that on our next 13th anniversary we wo n't stay at the Swissotel and will tell others to not stay there .
Our stay at the Sofitel was definitely below our expectations . The staff was less than nice to me after I waited several minutes until I was noticed . At first , my reservation could not be found , so I was provided a spare room . The hotel was fairly neat . However , once we got to the room , and onto the bed , we found the bed to be noisy . Just sitting on it made a squeaking noise that was unpleasant . We immediately called down to the front desk and informed them of our concern . We were told to go back downstairs to settle things out . Once we got downstairs , we were provided with another room number . However , we had to wait half an hour for another room to be cleaned and prepared . For such a well reviewed hotel , I was highly disappointed with the amount of time I had to spend to get settled into a room .
I recently stayed at the Hotel Allegro in Chicago while on a business trip . I have to say that I was very displeased with the service i received during my stay . Even though their website boasts that their staff will be at your beck and call , i found them to be very rude . The beds were extremely uncomfortable and the noise level very high . I was awakened by guests in the next room several times . Even though I complained to the front desk , they did not resolve the issue . I definitely would not recommend this hotel and I will be staying at a different hotel if I am in the area again .
The Swissotel Chicago was by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at in Chicago . It was clean , modern , and the staff were very friendly , even to our large family with cranky kids at a very late hour . The room was fantastic and you can not beat it for the price . Not only was the room fantastic , but so was the view . Our room looked out over the skyline and it was breathtaking , especially at night . The best part of the hotel was its location . It was located within walking distance to so many fun attractions , including Navy Pier and the Sears Tower . Our stay was wonderful , and we ca n't wait to go back again .
My experience with the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park Hotel was Terrible ! I arrived exactly at my check in time only to be told my room would not be ready for another hour . I chose to wait patiently at the hotel bar and found myself again disappointed I sat for 15 minutes before the bar tender served me and the drink I received was warm . When the room was finally ready I was horrified to find hairs in the bathtub and mysterious spots on the bedding . When I called down to housekeeping the staff was very rude and maid who they sent up to change my sheets acted annoyed and muttered under her breath the whole time she was changing our sheets and cleaning the bathroom . After all this hassle I would normally expect at least a complimentary beverage but not only was that not offered I found even using internet at this location involved a rather exorbitant fee 13.95 for a 24 hour period . I was shocked having stayed at a variety of higher end hotels I have never once been asked to pay extra for my wifi access . Overall I was highly disappointed with my stay and will not be returning to the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park hotel any time soon .
I stayed three nights recently at the Hilton Homewood Suites- Downtown Chicago . Overall I ca n't rate this establishment highly . The person at the front desk was disorganized- and took over 10 minutes even to find my reservation . Once I finally got my key , the desk person just thrust the keycard at me like she was happy to be rid of me . It did n't get any better when I got to my suite . The bed was poorly made , and I found a couple of long blonde hairs on one of the pillows . The room was very stuffy , and I swear might have even had a vague pet smell . My shower was not very clean- notable hard water stains on the shower door , and the bathroom sink had a small continuous drip . Also , the carpets did n't seem fresh and even had high traffic dirt noticable . I also visited their small gym/workout area and was disappointed there also . It had limited equipment that was in poor repair . The floor in there was even slippery , which made it a definite trip hazard . While the indoor pool looked good , as I dipped into it , the water felt a bit slimy and did not have a good smell . All in all , the amenities , the unfriendly service , and the sub-standard cleanliness makes this hotel one I would definitely not recommend to anyone . When that is paired with their sky high room rates , it 's just not a place that should earn any repeat guests .
I stayed in on of The James one bedroom apartments for two weeks while in Chicago visiting my daughter . The pre-arrival assistant was incredibly helpful in acquiring some necessities I forgot to pack and left them in my room for me . Later in the week I treated myself to an Asha Massage from their lengthy list of delicious spa services . Afterward I smelled wonderful and was the most relaxed I 'd been in years . My room was clean and modern , yet warm and comforting with dark wood tones and lush bedding . I 'll certainly be staying with them again in the future .
When I first booked my reservation at this hotel , honestly , I did n't know what to expect . I mean , I 'm kind of a music person , but this was my first real experience with a musically `` themed '' hotel . Upon staying here , however , I am convinced that I made the right choice in my stay . The dining accommodations were excellent , and I was served probably some of the best food I 've ever eaten at a hotel . It was intelligently placed in downtown Chicago , and I would n't have to walk too far to see some street performers , or just take in the majesty of the city itself . The room I had booked had an excellent view of the skyline , and I could 've easily sat for hours , just marveling at the city sprawled out before me . The whole `` Hard Rock '' and musical aspect of the hotel was just the icing on the cake of my stay . If I had to stay here again , I would !
I will never use Ambassador East Hotel again . The first appearance you get is a very dark and dreary type setting . The exterior of the hotel was in desperate need of repair . The customer service was not as good as you would expect when spending your hard earned money on a hotel room . In this hotel you are spending more than the average amount of money on a room that is smaller than the average hotel room . I felt rushed out at check out and did n't have an enjoyable experience at all .
Last week I stayed at the Hilton Chicago for 4 days and 3 nights and I was very pleased with the experience . As soon as I approached the front desk , I knew right away the staff was friendly and courteous . They had given me a list of local attractions such as the Museum of Science and Industry , the Broadcast Museum , the Ford Center For The Performing Arts and Willis Tower . I stayed in a junior suite which included a king size bed , a 27 inch television , non-allergenic feather pillows and a variety of other amenities . The indoor pool was rather large as well as the gym which includes countless treadmills and even a jogging track . Eating in the area is not a problem as the Hilton Chicago is home to Kitty O'Sheas which is a restaurant offering authentic Irish fare . In conclusion , I had a wonderful time staying here and I can not wait to plan my return trip to the Hilton Chicago .
I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco and I must say , it has become one of my favorite hotels in the windy city . In the past , I 've always stayed at the Marriott or the Hilton so this time I thought I 'd go with a boutique hotel . I 've stayed at some of the Kimpton properties in San Francisco so I was delighted that they are running the Monaco . Basically , I like the friendly , real-people atmosphere as opposed to the corporate style places I 've used before . I do work out and they had a decent fitness center with the treadmill I normally use . South Water Kitchen served a terrific meal even in a city of great restaurants . I really dug the complimentary coffee , high speed internet and newspaper . I get tired of being nickel and dimed by the corporate hotels and liked the fact that the Monaco offered a bunch of freebies -- especially liked the afternoon wine service . All in all , I will return to the Monaco . It 's a great alternative .
During my stay at the Hilton Chicago it has been quite unpleasant . How so you might ask ? Well ill tell you , the towels where scratchy and the service was terrible and by terrible I mean they were n't even at the desk when I checked in . Also , When I ordered my breakfast , lunch , and dinner from room service I received the wrong order for all meals and felt a little sick after lunch . Finally , The bill was charging me for stuff I did n't want or ask for . But overall the hotel was very bad and unpleasant for me and others . I give it a half a star .
The James Hotel in Chicago looks nice on the website , but looks can be deceiving ! The employees are extremely rude and the rooms are disgusting . I would definitely advise against staying there .
While the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago promises upscale accommodations and a unique experience , they fail to deliver . Unless of course , a unique experience includes being kept awake all night by a party in the room next door . If you plan on staying there for a chance to meet your favorite celebrity or musician you will be sorely disappointed . The `` A '' list celebrities will not be there . In fact , it would be rare to find anyone on the `` B '' list either . The party that keeps you awake will not be your favorite band practicing for their next concert . The party is being held by the musicians that were not even able to gain work at a local coffee bar . The walls of the rooms are so thin you can hear every wrong note played . As for the promise of Art Deco , it must have changed in definition . Your room will truly look like a concert has just been held . The carpet smelled like it had been shampooed in beer . The bathroom lets just say that clean was not the correct description . Quality service and amenities were severely lacking . Guests are not greeted with warmth but with disdain . Do not bother complaining about the noise next door either . It is part of you unique experience . The only part of the Hard Rock Hotel description that appeared to be accurate was that it is in a great location in Chicago . It was easy to find a real hotel to stay in for the rest your trip .
Everything experienced at this hotel was grand . The hotel itself is stunning and the architecture is amazing . From the moment you walk into The Palmer House , you are greeted by friendly helpful staff . The rooms are out of this world with no detail overlooked . Comfortable beds , amazing bathrooms and breathtaking views of Chicago . If you are looking for an extravagant hotel for your next visit to the windy city , i would definately recommend you stay here . Experience Chicago like never before .
I was very satisfied after staying at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower . The service was excellent , as the staff was very helpful and polite . The beds were very comfortable , and the rooms were very spacious . I will definitely be returning to this hotel .
This hotel is one superior hotel . The prices are reasonable and the benefits are just fantastic . My husband and I got a package that lets us get a hotel with a view and the view was amazing . Waking up to seeing Lake Michigan was a site not to miss . The rooms were always cleaned when we got back from our shopping at Bloomingdales or in other places in Chicago , and the customer service was top notch and very friendly .
Your website wowed me enough to book online although I had never used your hotel . I had high expectations when visiting your hotel with my family on our recent trip to Chicago and I was VERY disappointed . The first problem was that there was not enough staff at the desk . We had to wait a long time to get checked in . When we finally got to the room the beds were unmade and cleaning supplies were in the bathroom . The maid had n't finished the room and she 'd left her stuff behind ! Of course we called the desk right away and got a new room but it was a huge hassle . The next problem was the dog of the person across the hall and down one . We knew this was a pet friendly hotel but we envisioned well controlled , non barking pets . This animal barked repeatedly when my kids were trying to go to sleep . I called the desk twice and eventually the barking stopped . I think the dog just gave up because it did n't sound like the desk staff knew what to do . The crowning disaster , at least for my kids and husband , was that the remote control for the tv was dead . We managed to get that taken care of but it was just the icing on the cake . Your hotel looks great but actually being there is not great . I can not recommend it to anyone .
Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown is a wonderful hotel . The hotel is very elegant , classy and only offers the best . The hotel offers complimentary breakfast , along with delicious meals and wines in the afternoons . The suites are very real designed and has a very upscale look . This wonderfully cozy yet graceful hotel leaves you with an experience of a lifeltime . I would recommend this awesome hotel to anyone that was looking for beautiful , yet comfortable hotel experience .
Thanks Sheraton Towers for the invite to enjoy your indoor pool while a guest at your hotel recently . I did not know that the skyline of Chicago could be so beautiful or an afternoon at the pool so enjoyable . I 'll be back soon and look forward to a seeing Chicago again .
I recently stayed at the Omni Chicago Hotel and it was awful . When I arrived my room was not ready . Two hours later when it was finally cleaned , I entered and saw they they had not brought the cot that I had requested for my son . I asked for it again , but they never brought it . My mattress was uncomfortable , and I did not like sharing it with my son . The AC did not even work and it was terribly hot in the room . The next morning we ate the continental breakfast before leaving , and it too was bad . There was cereal , low quality yogurt , and burnt flavorless muffins . I would not recommend this hotel to anyone .
The Palmer House Hilton is an incredible break from the real world . The lobby is a throwback to the grand era of travel , and you can just imagine people stepping off the train with their steamer trunks . The lobby is luxe and gilded , with soaring ceilings and is staffed with friendly , accommodating employees . The rooms are plush , with each bed furnished with a Serenity Dreams topper for extra comfort . The room decor is modern and sleek , a world from the tacky furnishings in most hotels . For your convenience , there 's a fully-stocked business center , pool , fitness room and workout area - something to accommodate the solo , business or family traveller .
Having come to Chicago with my three sisters for a relaxing weekend of shopping and spa days , the Hotel Allegro Chicago filled every bit of my checklist . We arrived and immediately were checked in and shown to our rooms ; we both had the `` double double deluxe '' . The rooms were gorgeous , well taken care of , clean , comfortable , well decorated and luxurious . The hotel also has a spa which was perfect because we did n't even have to leave the hotel for our relaxing spa day . The hotel has great staff , they were always attentive to our needs . My favorite part was the complimentary tea and cofee - I am a coffee addict and getting my caffeine fix any time of every day was great ! Stay at the Hotel Allegro Chicago if you want great service from a relaxing and luxurious hotel in the heart of Chicago 's hustle and bustle !
I stayed at Swissotel Chicago for 1 night while on vacation with my girlfriend . Our plan was to stay 3 nights there originally but its beauty could not make up for the poor service we received from the front desk associate . We walked in and despite being the only guests waiting to check in , we still stood waiting for 10 minutes while the person at the desk chatted on the phone with someone who was clearly not related to the hotel . Once me leaning against the counter finally got her attention , she got off the phone and acted like I was the one at fault . Needless to say I will not be staying here again .
My fiancee and I were looking for a modern , upscale venue for our wedding reception . We have found the perfect location at The James . From the ballroom to the personal attention to detail , each step was handled with care . Now that we have locked in our date , we are more excited than ever . Thank you staff at The James for making our day even more special !
I recently stayed at the Affinia Hotel in Chicago , and it was one of the worst experiences I 've ever had at a high-end hotel . I was in Chicago for a conference , and I thought I would enjoy the experience more if I had somewhere pleasant and relaxing to return to , but this hotel definitely was n't that place . The restaurants were mediocre at best , despite their high prices ; I repeatedly got food that was bland , overcooked , or lukewarm . The room was fine , but nothing special ; I think I 'd have been just as comfortable in almost any hotel in downtown Chicago . A big part of my discomfort and dissatisfaction with the hotel , though , was with their Jet Set Pets program ; it 's hard to find a decent , relaxing hotel that I 'll like that will also accept my dog . But many of the employees were rude about my adopted mutt , who is energetic and loves people but is n't the most photogenic dog - he has a scar on his face and he 's got that terrier look . Multiple people mocked him , or said there was no point grooming him , or asked why I wanted him sleeping on a bed in my room . I know that it 's a fairly high-end hotel , but I would hope for better service regardless of the class associations of the dogs . I hope they at least treat all of the dogs boarded there well . The experience was overall frustrating and unsatisfactory , especially for the price . I can give them good marks on their spa services , and I really appreciated the pillow `` menu , '' but other than that it did n't feel like a particularly luxurious or indulgent experience , especially given the customer service .
This is an absolutely gorgeous hotel . We had an amazing view of the city , especially at night . Our room was luxurious with extremely comfortable beds . There was a desk and chair , large bathroom , comfortable chair and reading lamp . There was also an area for snacks and a coffee maker , that included Starbucks coffee . We would definitely come back again !
I stayed at the millennium Knickerbocker for 3 nights while on a business trip , as it was conveniently located a few blocks away from the office I was visiting , and just about everything else for that matter . The lobby was absolutely beautiful , and the staff was beyond courteous and extremely helpful . The rooms were elegant and spacious , and I instantly felt right at home . The large flat screen TV as a nice touch and TV options were many . I headed downstairs to the bar for a drink , and was amazed at how well kept it was , as well as how nice everybody was . As this was my first time I asked the bartender about the area around and he gave me great advice about some places to check out . All in all this was a great experience , and next time I 'm in the area , I will definitely be staying here . I 'd recommend the Millennium Knickerbocker to anyone traveling to Chicago .
This hotel is overpriced . One should pay money for luxury , but they fall far short considering the prices that they charge . When you go to the hotel restaurants you expect a certain mark-up because , yes , they do have to make money . But the prices they charge for food that was okay makes little sense to me . When I got there and went to my room , I thought that there would be nice colors , a great view , and deluxe bedding . What I got were sheets that might have come from the full price section of target -- they were not cheap , but not that expensive either . I think I could have found something of this quality at less than the 200ish a night I paid .
The hotel was not one of the better ones I stayed at . the room was seemingly nice at first , but after staying there for a few days it seemed like the cleaning staff never came through to clean it . I had the same sheets for a three days before I called and requested they be changed . Also , the walls seem to be paper thin and you can hear what is going on in the adjacent rooms , which interfered with my sleep . I ate at the primehouse in the restaurant also , and asked for a well done steak , and the steak was still pretty pink on the inside and lacked flavor . This is definitely not a hotel I would recommend to anyone .
The Amalfi Hotel Chicago is perfect for a romantic get-away . My husband and I spent a weekend away from the kids there and I must say , we were impressed by the staff and the accomodations . We especially enjoyed the in-room spa service . I recommend the Amalfi to anyone wanting a nice hotel in the downtown Chicago area ( you are within walking distance of shopping ) with great customer service and luxury accomodations !
The Hilton Chicago , located on prime real estate in downtown Chicago , has not aged as gracefully as other hotels around the country opened during the same period of time . The hotel does maintain the appearance of luxury that has made it iconic , but that luxury is not in accord with 21st century standards . Lacking any form of fitness center , the Hilton is almost alone among the major hotels of Chicago in forcing its patrons to go elsewhere for a quick workout . Even nominal fees for wireless internet use in hotel rooms is very rare at this point , and the outrageous parking fee of $ 43 for guests will discourage out of towners from making the Hilton their destination . Most guest rooms are no different than any other Hilton anywhere , meaning that unless you are staying in the admittedly fantastic Executive suites , you will be paying a premium for a prosaic hotel experience .
I will never stay here again . I was lured in by the hotel 's pictures showing a fabulous suite . Instead I arrived to find cheap furniture that smelled of old cheese . I called the front desk to see if there was another room available . I was put on hold for five minutes and no one came back on the line . I ended up going to the front desk myself . I was ignored and not given assistance until I interrupted the front desk clerk who seemed to be on a personal call . The clerk apologize but then looked at me with an attitude when I requested another room because mine smelled like old cheese . I was informed that there were no other rooms available but that they would send up housekeeping . Housekeeping sprayed some Febreeze on the couch and then left . I tried to relax by turning on the TV in the bedroom . I sat on the bed and saw something scurry under the pillow . I checked the corner of the mattress and found bedbugs . I packed up my bags and left after that . I did get a refund on the room after some complaining . I went across town to the Marriott where I had a much better stay .
When I arrived at the Millennium Knickerbocker Hotel Chicago I was shocked at the poor and dangerous neighborhood it was situated in . This was not the Chicago I was hoping for.In addition to that , it looked nothing like it did in the pictures on their website . The paint was faded and chipped , there was a foul odor in the lobby and there was no staff to speak of . After we waited for 15 minutes at the front desk , someone finally came and said that they did not have a reservation under our name . After a long trip , I 'm sure you know how aggravating that was . Finally I got a manager that knew how to work the computer properly and he brought up our reservation . Once we got to our room , it was very small , smelled like smoke and the carpet was severely stained with either wine or blood . Also , as we were walking to the room in the hallway , a cockroach walked right across our path like he owned the place . To top it off it seemed everyone staying at the hotel was a gangster or a gambler and his lady for the night . All we heard was lots of frighteningly loud love making and arguments ensuing that even a television could not mask . It was a nightmare . Oh yeah , and the shower did have any hot water . We complained to the desk and they said that it was not there fault and that it would be fixed my next week . When we asked for a discount they said that there were no refunds and that we could leave whenever we wanted .
Swissotel Chicago : Do n't let the shiny bright lights of the windy city fool you . This hotel does not provide the luxurious experience or stay as you might expect . Firstly , the provided appliances and room gadgets are of relatively low quality . For example , the window curtain for a small bedroom window nearly broke off it 's support after trying to open them for a city view . The bedroom bed ( King-sized ) makes rattling noises on every turn of the body you make . Of coarse , this is n't too bad once you fall asleep , until then , it sucks ! In regards to room services , the hotel workers are not all that friendly . They talk to you in a stubborn way , as if they just want to get it done and over with , just to get their pay-check . Yes they do all basic room service orders , but it is not all too friendly . Overall , this hotel has it 's much noticeable flaws on top of the positives this hotel has ( which is a bare minimum ) . With that being said , I would not recommend this hotel for anyone around the downtown Chicago area in need for at least average hotel services . However , if sub-par service and quality is okay for you , then this hotel could be suitable , however , considering it 's prices , you are better off looking elsewhere for hotel rooms .
I was highly disappointed with my choice to stay at the Amalfi Hotel in Chicago . I had to travel for business at the last minute but felt lucky to get a reservation at such a highly rated hotel . The initial impression was that the desk clerk thought I was lucky that he was waiting on me . I had several questions about local attractions and he acted as though I was bothering him . I was the only customer in the lobby and he directed me to a rack of brochures located near the concierge then went back to leaning against the counter . On the plus side the room was lovely , but when I called for room service at 9:30pm I was told they were closed even though the menu said they served until 10pm . I decided to go out rather than fight the issue . The next day the tone was the same at the pool , the bar , the restaurant etc . The staff here seems to have a general feeling that the guests are lucky enough to stay in such a chic hotel and they are more like part of the atmosphere instead of actual employees with a job to do . The only exception was the housekeeping staff . I called them for extra pillows and another blanket and they were at my door in 10 minutes and made to ask if there was anything else I needed before leaving . The bottom line is that I booked my room here with the intention to relax for a day or two after my business was completed but decided against it . Even though the hotel was beautiful and in a nice location , the atmosphere was not inviting . I 'd rather go somewhere where I felt like my money was appreciated instead of staying somewhere that did n't seem to care that I was there .
If you 're looking for an elegant hotel in downtown Chicago , you have to stay here . The Ambassador East Hotel has very comfortable and beautiful large rooms and is like a home away from home . The perfect place for a business person , and if you have a small pet you can bring them too ! I would give this place four stars and would definitely stay here again .
I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers in December of last year and had one of my worst hotel experiences ever . First , when I went to check in , I was completely ignored by the staff , they were rude and seemed to have better things to do than help me check in . When I got to my room , all the way on the 23rd floor , the room was dirty and had not been cleaned . So back down to the lobby and they seemed to feel it was no big deal and gave me another room . I went back to check and the new room was dirty also . There were pubic hairs on the bed and in the bathroom . It appeared the maid only went into the room and picked up trash and made the bed but did not clean . All I can say is YUCK ! My next visit to the lobby the staff gave me an attitude about having to transfer me to another room AGAIN ! Extremely poor customer service and gross rooms . I felt like I was staying at a $ 30 a night roach motel , not the $ 250 a night Sheraton . My advise is to stay away .
I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel for two nights and I must say the service they rendered was quite impressive . They had very attentive and friendly staff members . The room that I stayed in was spacious for me and my husband . Their hotel restaurant served the most delicious steaks I have tasted , I ordered a classic fillet mignon and it was cooked to perfection . I would definitely stay at this hotel again if ever I come back to Chicago and would absolutely highly recommend this to my friends and family .
Wow ! I have been to many hotels as a business man , and have seen my fair share of garbage dump hotels . But wow , this hotel was great . The staff was prompt , the room was extremely clean , and everything just ran like a well-oiled machine . I was particularly impressed with the fact that the front desk gives out free toiletries and other things . Usually I have to pay 5 $ for a stupid toothbrush , but not here ! I really enjoyed staying at InterContintental . I was very worried about the Chicago area 's reputation of bad hotels , but this turned out just great . Next time my boss flies me out to Chicago , I know where I am staying !
For 250 dollars , cheapest room available at the Hard Rock Hotel Chicago , you would assume you would have access to wifi . Yet , that was not the case . I was told I `` could have had '' internet if I had booked through the site , which I didnt . The lady in the reception had no idea what she was talking about and had to ask around about internet access in general .
Great hotel ! Went to see the Museum of Contemporary Art which was great , but this hotel almost had it beat ! The rooms ( and even halls ) are very beautifully done . Great service too . A+
My husband and I visited the Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park for our honeymoon . The customer service was amazing . From the time we booked our packege to the time we checked in everything was absolutely amazing . These people were proficient , respectful and very thoughtful . The Fairmont had a lounge , a wine room , a bar and a restaurant . I could n't decide where I wanted to go first ! After we put our bags up we headed down to the wine room ... It was totally delicious . We also got free wine just because it was our honeymoon ! Then after a few glasses of wine we hit the spa , once again excellent ! ! Everything smells like honeysuckle and everyone smiles all the time . We stayed in the gold room . Although it was a little bit smaller than I thought it would be I was definitely satisfied with the huge king bed with even bigger pillows . My husband and I relaxed in fluffy white bath robes while we sipped champagne while we watched the sparkling lights of the city . It was a wonderful experience that I will never forget . Four thumbs up !
The Hyatt Regency Chicago is one of the most beautiful hotels that I have ever stayed at . I stayed there for 3 days and two nights . My room had an amazing view and was clean and furnished beautifully . The staff was very kind and very helpful . The concierge staff was kind and helped me to find enjoyable things to do in Chicago . Overall , A beautiful hotel in a beautiful city .
When I first made reservations at The Palmer House Hilton , I was excited because of all the gorgeous pictures displayed on their website . Little did I know it was going to be a total disaster . First off , my husband and I could n't find the place . It was our first time in Chicago after all . And when I would call for directions , they just kept putting me on hold . When my husband and I finally arrived , the bus boy was extremely rude . After man-handling our luggage , he held his hands out impatiently expecting a tip . Talk about arrogant . The front desk clerk was a little too pushy . My husband and I were only staying one night just to attend my sister 's wedding , but they kept trying to up-sell a suite when all we needed was a regular guest room . The room itself was okay , decorated so ornately that they are forced to jack up the price and take all that you 're worth . They even had the nerve to try and say that we purchased some items from the `` snack bar '' and ordered a movie that I 've never even heard of ! Completely unprofessional . I will never , I repeat , NEVER stay at this hotel ever again .
We planned a fun time for our kids this summer by booking a kids suite at the Swissotel Chicago . Our fun time was not exactly that . Upon arriving for our weekend getaway , we find that the reservations we made online and the confirmation we held in our hand for a kids suite , did not mean a thing . Apparently , there were none of the kids suites available . The kids suite is supposed to have things to keep the kids happy when they are in the room : coloring , video games , etc . No one at the front desk could explain to us why there were no kids suites available . Whatever . So , we took a regular suite with the promise that we would be moved as soon as one became available . Guess what ? We spent the whole weekend in the same room . Yes , the staff apologized , but no one seemed overly concerned that our children were dissapointed and no compensation or extras were offered to make us less cranky about it . Other than that and the fact the none of the hotel staff was very friendly , the rooms were clean . We did not spend a lot of time in the hotel , but I will not be booking a room here again . The staff did not impress me at all and we did not feel like we were treated well at all .
My wife and I booked a Deluxe Accessible Room at this beautiful hotel for three nights . The wonderful photos do n't do the hotel justice . It could n't have been a more ideal stay . The room was spacious and and clean , the bathroom sparkling , with every amenity one could imagine . The bed felt like it had been just delivered . Our views of downtown Chicago were spectacular . On top of all of this , the hotel staff was extremely helpful . They explained the best routes to the restaurants we wanted to eat at , and they even went as far as securing us reservations for the places they knew would be busy ! Believe everything good that you read . If you visit Chicago , stay at the Conrad Chicago .
There is a great difference between a Hyatt Regency Hotel , and a normal hotel . The thing that I did not like about this hotel was the smoke section of the non smoking section was really close to each other . I get really uncomfortable when I am in a crowded area , and people are smoking their lungs out . Even though this hotel is really glamourous , has a nice bar , a nice restaurant , great music , it is still not a good stay if you do n't like people smoking beside you .
We just got back from a trip to Chicago for my 30th birthday and we could not have been more impressed by this hotel ! Service was excellent , especially the maid service . Our room was so clean and fresh towels brought in daily . The front desk staff was some of the most professional and friendly staff I have ever dealt with while travling . The location is excellent as it is within walking distance of the best restaurants and stores . I highly recommend Affinia for a the perfect family vacation .
My stay at the Talbott was a wonderful experience . The service at this upscale hotel was beyond my expectations , the Gold Coast location is close to Michigan Ave , the museums , and many of the other sites Chicago has to offer.If you are visiting Chicago , I highly recommend the Talbott !
My wife and I decided to stay at the Amalfi while we visited friends in Chicago ; we will not stay here again nor would we recommend this 'Luxury ' hotel to any of our friends . Amalfi claims that your stay begins with a 'warm greeting , ' but we received the exact opposite . The front desk clerk was rude , sighed and rolled her eyes anytime we asked her a question , and became agitated when asked for a pet friendly room . Apparently there was extra work for her since we had to change our reservations and add our dog , who we had to bring at the last minute . The room on the Pet Floor was alright , nothing spectacular , and unfortunately had a slight scent of covered-up dog urine . We proceeded to dinner at Keefer 's Restaurant and had to wait an additional 45 minutes past our reservation time . I have my suspicions we were segregated upon because of our casual attire ; opposed to the elegant environment that was prominent throughout the restaurant . The next day , I could not get the wireless in the room to work correctly , and had to finish some work at our friend 's house . My wife had called for some extra towels and pillows , which took about half an hour to receive . She also ordered breakfast because Breakfast in Bed WAS her favorite- until the eggs that showed up had a long black hair in them . We were set to stay for 3 days , but only managed to stay 2 . We will not be staying here again .
the James Hotel in Chicago is by far one of the best hotels that My family and I have ever had the pleasure of staying at . The room service is the best in the area , not to mention the spa in the hotel is to die for . The lobby and the reception area is very contemporary . This is a great place to take the family to relax . I would recommend this hotel to anyone . 5 stars !
Hard Rock Hotel boats that they have the best of the high scale accommodations for your business or pleasure stays . What they fail to disclose is just how expensive your stay will be . The service tends to be heavily influenced by the wealth of the patrons , service is more redily available and friendly the more you make.The rooms are furnished with attractive but old furnishings . The laundry service leaves more to be desired . The sheets have a gray tint to them and the rooms smell of tobacco . I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel and was disappointed with not only the service but the cleanliness of the room from the bathroom to the bedding.Your stay at any hotel should be memorable and restful-after all isnt that what we pay for ?
This hotel is in a great city with great personnel working there . The rooms are more than you can expect for a hotel . The services are abundant , leaving no room to complain . With their fine diners , you can not go wrong with enjoying a peaceful meal while relaxing . With this hotel , it is truly an all-in-one hotel . There are meeting rooms and business centers , leaving unfinished work not be a worry during the stay . In addition , the spacious swimming pool is just the thing needed to relieve yourself of stress . The views from the rooms are breathtaking . I would definitely recommend staying there !
Me and my husband got married here . We loved the atmosphere of our suite . It felt like home away from home . They have a nice pool . The rooms were clean and the staff was courteous . Thanks so much for doing such a great job with our wedding . Amy C. of Los Angelas , California
My husband and I were really looking forward to spending our anniversary at the Conrad hotel . For the price we were paying we were expecting a luxurious hotel with all the amenities unfortunately it was quite the opposite . Upon arriving we were greeted by a rude and incompetent receptionist . Not only could she not find our reservation due to the fact that she kept misspelling our name , but she refused to apologize when she finally did find them and acted as if it was our fault she could n't spell ! Our room turned out to be okay except for the stain on my pillow case which ruined the experience for me . We ate at the restaurant on site and were less than impressed with the food . It was alright but nothing out of this world . We felt we could have gotten a better meal elsewhere . All in all the Conrad was a big disappointment to both of us .
Extravagant , Exuberant Experience ! Our stay at Hotel Allegro was very enjoyable . The intoxicating views made the get-away much more relaxing , as well as the exceptional room service . The rooms were very decorative and well above par . I very much enjoyed the complimentary tea . I Would highly recommend Hotel Allegro as a must stay vacation get-away .
Chicago is my favorite city visit . I wanted to share this special city with a new love and booked us a room at the Swissotel . It is advertised as close to downtown and close to the museums of Chicago . I wanted to share my new love . It was indeed close to the museums but to get to either the shopping district or the Chicago Art Institute it was a long walk , full of detours , and it was not easy to grab a cab . While the rooms seemed to be luxuriously decorated the beds were uncomfortable and the rooms just were not very clean . The Room Service was slow , the food arrived cold , and the total experience was way so expensive for what we got . I do not think I have ever experienced the level of noise in such a `` grand hotel '' as the Swissotel seems . I would not recommend the Swissotel because disappointment , noise , and cold food should just not cost that much .
If you are looking for a high end hotel on the Magnificent Mile , the Affinia Chicago is NOT your best option . First of all , the `` central '' location is not so convenient - there is quite a hike to the Navy Pier ( which this hotel claims to be the `` official '' hotel of ) and to the shops on the Mile . Secondly , the hotel is small - only 215 rooms , most of which are miniscule by comparison to the other hotels in the area . Thirdly , they have one restaurant and one lounge , both of which offer the same menu which seems a bit bizarre for a high end hotel . Finally the Affinia has one of the most rude staffs ever witnessed in a luxury hotel . One does expect some courtesy at the outrageous prices but be ready for the attitude and snobbery that will greet you at the Affinia !
After searching for the perfect hotel for my Chicago getaway I knew once I came across the Hard Rock Hotel , that this was the hotel for me . After seeing the exceptional accommodations the hotel offered , I booked my reservations right away . When I arrived at the hotel I was astonished at how beautiful and big the building and grounds were kept . I was greeted warmly by the front staff and received my room key within a few minutes . I was also given helpful pointers to nearby attractions and restaurants . I took the elevator up to my room , and when I opened the door my jaw dropped as the views of the Chicago skyline was impeccable . After relaxing I went down to the bar for a few cocktails and was impressed by the fast , courteous service I received . After my cocktail hour , I decided to unwind and let me tell you the beds must be sent from heaven . I had one of the best nights of sleep I have had in a long time . I highly recommend the Hard Rock as I have stayed at many around the US and this is definitely on my top 5 list . Hope you all enjoy it as much as I did , and I ca n't wait to return . Ashley B .
Excellent hotel in the heart of Chicago . The room we stayed in had a great view of Lake Michigan . We went in July for a vacation and everything is easily accesible from the hotel . Most major attractions are in around the Loop area . We also got a great deal on the price . I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago - its in the right spot for both business and pleasure .
The James Hotel in Chicago was a huge let down . I was expecting a truly spectacular experience . On the website it appears to be an absolutely fabulous state of the art hotel . Well , my family 's bad experience started right when we walked in the door . It turns out the room we had reserved had been given to someone else , and the man at the front desk was extremely rude . We had to wait for an hour for the house keeping service to prepare a new room for us . The room had an odd smell and we had to ask for towels and hand soap as they were n't already in the room . The one thing that was good about the place was the fabulous gym . All in all , I feel that we paid way too much for what we got . Next time I will look to stay somewhere else .
The Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago has it all : location , comfort , and rockability ! We stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago recently and found it to be amazing ! The location was perfect as it is walking distance to the Magnificent Mile , Navy Pier , and Lake Michigan . It was just a short ride by bus or cab to the sports stadiums , Shedd Aquarium or the Museum of Science and Industry ! The food , although it was pricey , was great ! There is a spa on site if you need a little time to relax and recoup after all that rockin ' , and if you have pets , they get the ROYAL treatment , complete with gifts ! I would highly recommend the Hard Rock Hotel of Chicago !
My experience at the Hyatt Regency Chicago was simply amazing . I had a wonderful stay there will my husband . My husband has allergy problems nearly everywhere we go , and we were worried about that so we talked to the desk clerk there . They were able to provide us with a Hyatt allergy-friendly room . We were so relieved and the room was beautiful . The furniture in the room was actually cleaned with pure tea tree oil . It was the most comfortable stay we have ever had . On top of that my husband had to spend some time in the room working on some business , so the high speed internet they provided was very convenient . We took full advantage of the 24 hour room service . I will definitely stay there again . It is a vacation simply staying in your hotel room .
I recently stayed at the Swissotel Chicago with my husband and two children . While the room was comfortable , I did not think that it was the best choice of hotel for those with children . The main reason for this was the dining . While the in house restaurants had children 's options , there were not any other dining options that were a bit more informal . Anyone with children knows that you do n't want to take them to a sit down restaurant at certain times . This was especially true since we were traveling . We arrived at the hotel with tired children in hand and wanted to eat a quick meal and then put them to bed . However , our only real options on location were these fancy restaurants . This was certainly not the most family friendly of options for a hotel with a kid friendly package .
The Hyatt Regency Hotel in Chicago was the worst hotel I ever went to ! I booked a non-smoking room online , and they went ahead and gave me a room that smoking was allowed . After going in my room , I smelled heavy smoke smell . It was really bad . I called the front desk about the issue , and they said they had nothing like that on record and refused to exchange rooms for me ! There was also blood stains on my bed sheets . The carpet was also dirty . I would never book at that Hyatt again !
I went to Chicago and We made a reservation to Hotel Monaco Chicago which is a Kimpton Hotel , and I decided to stay in a tranquility suite . Which was amazing I went with my family and all of us had a comfortable space . Room Service Was great served quickly and the cleaners clean quick . Another thing was that it was pet friendly which I thought was cool meaning you could bring your dogs . The hotel was amazing and beutiful .
