I booked two rooms four months in advance at the Talbott . We were placed on the top floor next to the elevators , which are used all night long . When speaking to the front desk , I was told that they were simply honoring my request for an upper floor , which I had requested for a better view . I am looking at a brick wall , and getting no sleep . He also told me that they had received complaints before from guests on the 16th floor , and were aware of the noise problem . Why then did they place us on this floor when the hotel is not totally booked ? A request for an upper floor does not constitute placing someone on the TOP floor and using that request to justify this . If you decide to stay here , request a room on a lower floor and away from the elevator ! I spoke at length when booking my two rooms about my preferences . This is simply poor treatment of a guest whom they believed would not complain .
I LOVED this hotel . The room was so chic and trendy , the bed was comfortable , great slippers and robes . I love the Keihl 's bath products in the bathroom . We went during my birthday weekend , and they had a card and plate with pastries waiting in the room . We got a great deal on a junior suite from Travelzoo , but when we tried to take another trip to Chicago , the deal was gone . I really recommend the hotel . I LOVED it . The ONLY problem we had was with the David Burke Steakhouse . The service was horrible , they switched our order with the table next to our 's and the only compensation was they took off a $ 7 side dish we ordered ( and they were nice enough to NOT charge us for the other side dish we DID N'T get ) . DO N'T go there . Go to the Lawry 's accross the street . But stay at the James . ( BTW- its not a 3-star hotel like the website lists- its at least 4-star )
The Hard Rock Hotel Chicago has become my favorite hotel . I 've stayed there at least 5 times now and have never had anything other than a wonderful experience . As you might have guessed - it has a super Rock & Roll theme , with some music paraphanelia in the lobby and on each floor 's elevator lobby . The rooms all have large photo murals that are themed to different musicians . You can request being on the floor of your favorite band ( like KISS , Aerosmith , etc ... ) The rooms are GREAT . Well appointed . SUPER Comfortable beds and luxurious sheets and wonderous pillows . The large TV has a cool sound system that ramps up the viewing experience . There 's a spacious desk in each room with a mini bar . I 've always had a room with big windows and a view down Michigan Ave ( the hotel sits right on Michigan - a block from the canal ) . The bathrooms are furnished with absolutely great fixtures sporting a great design ... some of the showers have windows in side of them ( you can shower AND enjoy the view down Michigan ! ) or close the waterproof drapes . I 've never had anything but a great experience with the staff here ... front desk , doorman , etc are all great . There 's a lobby bar that still feels intimate and has nice energy . Big screen TV to catch the latest scores , too . Of course , Rock & Roll music pumps thru the place . You can stay at a `` plain '' hotel anywhere ... but this is a GREAT , WELL DESIGNED , FUN and MEMORABLE HOTEL that you 'll want to return back to . If I had one concern - it would be the rather crazy charge for parking your car overnight . My daily car parking rate was close to $ 50 per night , which I 'm sorry to say is about the going rate in the loop . Stay here . Be cool .
We also just returned from a frigid weekend in Chicago . I booked the Ambassador East because of its great rate , $ 89.00 with my AAA card and we were delighted . Yes , the rooms show some signs of wear , but the warmth and charm far make up for it . This was such a pleasant change from the sleek , modern look of many other chain and boutique hotels . We became members of the I preferred program and were therefore eligible for an upgrade which we automatically got upon check in . We had a lovely suite with lots of sitting room and a comfortable bedroom and bathroom . We had wonderful food at the Pump Room which is classic . Our oatmeal there was so tastefully served , I 'd love to have some right now ! The location was great . Had it been normal winter weather , we could have easily walked to Michigan Avenue for shopping , but due to the minus 20 degree windchills , we opted for a cab which was less than a $ 5.00 fare . We also enjoyed a glass of wine around the fireplace in the lobby and found it so welcoming and cozy and not overcrowed at all . We would definitely stay here again !
I can easily say this is one of the worst hotels I 've stayed at the . The receptionist up front was a snooty , sarcastic teenager or post teenager . You can get better service from a waiter or waitress at a diner . The room was dirty , stains on the carpet , the showerhead was moldy and rusted , the doors of the bathroom and main door all had dents and scratches . The towels had a horrible aroma . The hotel is very narrow , so we were near a construction zone so , I would plan on waking up at 6 : am if you choose the Talbott . The next day , I asked for another room and the concierge who was a decent guy moved us to a larger more comfortable room . That room though was right by the elevator and it was torture hearing the sounds of the elevator which just would never stop . I asked for late checkout at 1pm and the receptionist refused stating that we would be charged for a half day , if were not out by noon . I had to speak to the manager who gave us till 1pm . Please stay away from this hotel , I think a Holiday Inn would be better . Andrew F. Gulli
My wife and I came to spend the weekend in downtown Chicago for shopping and we found this Conrad hotel well located close to everything downtown and of a size that does n't make you feel lost in the Convention world . We have had this feeling when staying at larger hotels in the past . Our Suite has view on Michigan avenue with a bit of the Lake at the end . Staff was very professional , pleasant and friendly making us feel very comfortable . Internet is free n the rooms and I am making my review from there .
We arrived and thought for $ 350 a night , it would be a decent place . Good reviews , etc ... We arrived to find that the website pictures were misleading . The hotel lounge was a `` room '' , it was really odd and very dark . The first night there I noticed that the blanket on the bed was nasty looking . Resembled something you 'd find on a street . To top it all off we woke up after night # 2 to find that bed bugs had attacked us . My husband and I were both bitten . I was bitten WAY more than my husband . My legs were covered with bites . I was on ointments and Benadryl for over a week . I immediately came home and scalded all our clothes . There was also mold around the tub both inside it and on the floor by it . The bathroom floor was also curling up by the tub . The view in room # 607 is of a roof . Not good . The stay was VERY disappointing . The only good thing there is the free breakfast on every floor .
Recently returned from a two-night stay at Ambassador East Hotel . Was looking for a comfortable hotel to stay at while visiting family now located in Chicago . Mission was accomplished . If you would like a quiet , comfortable hotel in a great area - this is it . While some of the furnishings show some signs of their age , it does not detract from the elegant style of the rooms and adds to the comfortable and home-like feeling . Found staff to be friendly and helpful . We will be return guests many times in the future for sure .
After Leaving some important documents in the room , I called and asked for the lost and found department ... SEVEN TIMES over the course of a week . Eventually I had enough and asked for a manager and was put on hold then disconnected . Finally , a deceivingly friendly operator PROMISED me she would have someone call me back in a few minutes , It never happened . So Avoid this place because after they rip you off once they 'll keep doing it later . They can not be trusted at their word
WARNING : FOOD POISONING ALERT ! ! ! The room was dirty , the shower had mold and the handle in the shower my daughter cracked her head open on . The elevators were absolutly terrible they made me dizzy every time i went on it . They hade pasta night and they put out a bowl of noodles and sauce and i couple of rolls well you get what you pay for . What was worse is the sauce must of had bad meat in it because my family got so sick . The one thing that was nice was the location which was right by michigan avenue . The second night we left and went to another hotel which was 80 bucks cheaper and 100 times nicer . DO NOT STAY HERE
I took the wife and kids to Chicago for one last fling before school started back up . When I checked in , the staff was very attentive , I showed a little consideration for the friendly attitude ( small tip ) and was upgraded to a huge upper floor room complete with a bar ! I did n't get the `` Priceline '' glare and it paid off for all involved . The air and water show was underway on the lake front , and we had planes flying over our room . The kids thought it was great . That night we had a great view of the fireworks at Navy Pier . The Sunday morning breakfast buffet at the hotel was very good and the price was not out of reason . The conceirge was very knowledgeable and very friendly . It was one of the best times we ever had in Chicago .
While overall a decent property , the incident I had with this hotel has been like none other in my history of travel . I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco for five nights , checking out on Monday , March 19th . Shortly after leaving the hotel and retrieving my car from the valet , my partner and I noticed a large scrape on the bumper of the car that was n't present upon checking in . We had not requested use of the car for the duration of our stay . I called the hotel approximately two hours after checking out and was directed to speak with the garage manager at Park One ( their valet company ) who stated that he would review video of the car and call me back within 48 hours to verify that the car was unblemished upon arrival , and was scraped upon departure from the garage . The garage manager , Mike Yunan , did n't call back until I had an email exchange with the general manager of the hotel , Marco Scherer . When he finally got back to me , the garage manager stated that he would file an `` incident report '' and claim with his insurance company , Travelers , which would eventually deny the claim because garage staff would n't admit fault or liability , nor did they supply the video they stated they had of the car entering or exiting the garage , which could have verified that the damage was n't present upon check-in , but was at check-out . Their insurance representative even told me that the garage does not have surveillance at that location , contradicting the garage manager . In the end , this Kimpton InTouch guest got stuck with a $ 1,000 bill for parking at this Kimpton property : an almost $ 500 paint scrape on top of a $ 48/per day parking fee , rental car expenses , several hours of lost time in dealing with the issue , and one gigantic headache . In the end , do NOT trust the valets or staff at this hotel , and take your business elsewhere if at all possible .
This hotel is very busy and is operating way beyond their means . Incompetent service . Hotel ran out of hot water by 9am saturday . Elevators were very slow , waited 10 minutes on any given event . Red line trains ran every 10 minutes beneath city streets and you can hear the thunder in your room from them but it shouldnt keep you awake at night . Used my stay toward NW airlines bonus points . Bar was ok. One cup coffee service was awful . No free wireless and no free cable channels . Fridge was 25 bucks a day to use . With http : //hotels.com res got it for 65 bucks with tax so what can you expect. ? ... . Location was superb and cab service was convenient but not enough to outweigh the negatives .
We went with the great reviews on Tripadvisor . The location , rooms , amenities and price via Expedia were good . My complaint is the poor service at every stage - the check-in was slow ( even at 1am ) , the concierge ( Sarita ) was hopeless , staff were generally rude . Also there was some sort of generator box under the bed which hummed all night - we turned it off and it also seemed to turn off the air conditioning . Finally , just to let you know that there is a major construction site in front of the hotel and roadworks at 2am with trucks that beep continuously everytime they reverse ! ! ! Would I stay here again ? - maybe if I got a good deal and had a back room but there are plenty of other great hotels nearby .
My wife and I stayed for 2 nights and loved it . Our stay was booked for us by Virgin Atlantic when we booked our flights from London to Chicago . We were not quite sure what to expect but were reassured by the Hilton brand name . In the event we found that the airline knew what they were doing when they suggested this hotel . On arrrival we got a warm welcome and the check in was quick and efficient . The interior of the hotel is spectacular and looks like has been refurbished to reflect the decor as it would have been when it was built . The room we were given was a good size with 1 Queen bed which was particularly comfortable . The hotel is conveniently located with restaurants nearby . The first night we ate at the hotel 's own gourmet restaurant ( The Lockwood ) which did not disappoint . The breakfasts are also served in this restaurant . We had the buffet both mornings and these were good value for the quality offered . Generally we found the service in this hotel good and the staff very helpful . A nice touch was that when we checked out of the hotel to go to our next destination the car we had booked to pick us up was a few minutes late arriving . A member of staff supervising the doormen saw us looking a bit lost and came over to assist us find the car when it did arrive . Overall I would thoroughly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure stays for both quality and value for money .
Just got back from a 10 day visit to Chicago . For the rate of $ 219 per night , it was extremely good value . Reception staff were efficient , courteous and very friendly . I was given a room on the top floor ( 32nd floor ) facing the lake and the John Hancock Tower . The rooms were large and very comfortable . Housekeeping/Turn Down Service were efficient and thorough . Bathroom amenities were very good and replaced daily . This is definitely my first choice for a Hotel in Chicago . It is also very close to all the shops , restaurants and the subway .
Ambassador East is an awesome hotel ! ! ! Understand that this hotel is full of history and is a boutique hotel . My family stayed at the Ambassador for two nights in a suite . Very clean room with great space . The best part of the Ambassador is not the rooms though . The staff was extremely courteous , especially the concierge . If you stay here you have to go to the Pump Room . The restaurant is full of nostalgia , the staff is great , and the food is excellent . Great atmosphere and music .
We recently completed our second stay at the Fairmont Chicago . The check-in process was quick and painless but the front desk staff was almost disinterested in the whole procedure . That is fine when I am traveling on business , but on leisure trips I would appreciate a warmer greeting . The hotel was hosting a convention at the same time as our stay , but other than seeing some signage/attendees in the lobby , we would n't have noticed . This is probably due to the separation of the conference areas from the guest rooms and the 8 speedy elevators . We stayed in a Parkview Suite so we had a large room with a great view of Millenium Park . The anteroom was well appointed with a sofa , coffee table , desk , mini-bar with sink and coffee maker , and dining area . The bedroom appeared to be the same as a standard Fairmont room , but maybe slightly larger . The bathroom also appeared to be similar to a standard Fairmont room , and once again , possibly slightly larger . The upscale modern decor is pleasing but not overtly luxurious , and several small touches such as a shoe shine station ( with extra collar tabs ) , are peppered throughout . We booked a few evening activities through the concierge and everything was perfectly handled . The hotel restaurant , Aria , could n't find our reservation but they oddly new my name and remembered that the hotel had called to make a reservation for us . They had no problem seating us and the dinner ( both food and service ) was lovely . Minor complaints : The pillows could be better . I 'm not sure if they remembered our preference for non-down bedding from our last visit , but seriously , these things barely felt like pillows . I 'll suffer through some congestion if I can get better neck support . Also , the valet parking attendants seem overly eager to take your car ( and charge you $ 49 ) . And as I mentioned above , the front desk experience could be improved . Best feature : After our first stay , I gave a brief review in the comments section of the Fairmont President 's Club ( membership is free ) website . I received a phone call from the Director of Rooms the same day asking to discuss our experience . After this stay , I left a comment essentially thanking the hotel staff for a great stay , but still received a warm , friendly phone call from the Director of Rooms asking if he could do anything to improve our next stay . Kudos to the Fairmont for taking its customers seriously , and for that , they 've won my loyalty .
Did n't get the room we were promised . Kind of room we had reserved ( 2 queens ) `` was n't available . they then squeezed 3 adult ladies into 2 singles and a blow-up bed . Had to pile furniture on top of tables to get it in ! Very unsatisfactory ! ! Will not return , will not recommend . Will tell people going to Chicago to NOT stay in your hotel . When I next visit Paris nextspring , I intend to stop at your world headquarters to tell them what I think of the Chicago facility .
I thought the Swissotel was a great hotel . The rooms were very spacious and clean , especially for downtown Chicago standards . Most importantly , the rooms were quiet . I never heard people in the hallways when I was trying to sleep . The only downside was that the beds were not anything special . Sure , like all hotels in Chicago , this hotel caters to wealthy and/or business clients with ridiculous minibar and parking price . However , if you are aware of that prior to arrival , its not a big deal ( ie finding a different place to park the car , bringing our own snacks for the room ) . It would be nice though if hotels such as the Swissotel had a microfridge in the room for guest use . Staff was very helpful . Bellmen instantly got cabs upon request , and the front desk was efficient and helpful . Overall , if I can get a good rate again , I 'll stay at the Swissotel the next time I am in Chicago .
Simply a nice place to stay ... I had a great deal for the room , and was impressed with the quality . Hotel staff was very helpful ; they were able to let me check out and helped me print boarding passes . Negative : It is frustrating that nowadays you do not have free internet in most hotels and it 's the same here ; you have to pay for the internet . Negative : Loud on the phone you may hear your neighbors on the phone , or them shower .
After staying at the Sheraton Royal Orchid Hotel in Bangkok , I was expecting a similar experience at the Chicago Sheraton . I had a wonderful stay at this property seven years ago and was looking forward to a repeat experience . Unfortunately , my expectations were not met . For the past 3 years I stayed at the Palmer House in the Loop , but thought I 'd try a more modern hotel . PROS - location by the Chicago River , two blocks from Michigan Avenue - restful lobby with river view and free wifi provides a pleasant work environment - buffet breakfast offering custom omelettes , crepes and french toast CONS - check-in assigned me to a city view room when I had prepaid for a river view room - river view was good , but the windows to see it were filthy - dirty towel used by the previous guest was still hanging on the back of the bathroom door - bathroom was unimpressive : bathtub-shower combination ; worn plumbing fixtures ; only 2 sets of towels provided - guest room was small : only one soft chair provided - guest room doors slammed noisily throughout the floor hallway - 7 to 8 block walk to nearest L-station - concierge could n't explain how to get to the Mercury Theatre , nor print a map of the area - guest services told me to go out of the hotel one block to get Starbucks coffee when it was available downstairs on the Link Cafe - no complimentary newspaper delivered to the room - no final billing folio delivered to the room on the night before check-out - not all computers were operational at the Link Cafe where boarding passes can be printed
The concierge was so helpful . Without hesitation they had the best recommendations for restaurants and attractions all turning out to be wonderful . They even gave us business cards for restaurants that did not take reservations so we could obtain preferential or immediate seating 's . Loved the health club at the back of the hotel . By joining the presidents club , it only cost ten dollars a day to use the facilities . The rooms were large , updated and had views looking out in 3 directions . The coffee maker in the room was exceptional . Location is great for getting mostly anywhere . Parking is overpriced so we took our cart to the underground Millennium Garage that was only $ 25.00 per 24 hours and a few blocks walk from the hotel .
Booked via Priceline.com for a weekend getaway and got the room for $ 75 per night . When we arrived via Midway we took the Orange Line to within a block of the hotel for just $ 2 . Hotel easy to find . Never felt uncomfortable with the neighborhood/area . Saw very few homeless or panhandlers . Walked all over the place . Great location and hotel is about a $ 5- $ 6 cab ride from most major attractions/shopping/restaurants . Hotel is almost gawdy with colors/decor , but it 's not that different from a cruise ship decor . It was not annoying decor by any means . Check in was painless and the service was great ! Heard NO noise whatsoever ... the reports of `` thin walls '' are greatly exaggerated . The walls are all concrete and thick ... we heard NOTHING both nights we were there ! Highly recommend this hotel ! Rooms are small but not crowded for two people ... they are old style hotel rooms..very classic
I am staying here now and actually am compelled to write this review before I fall asleep . The front desk staff were brief and one of them was chatting with her friend ( gossiping ) as I checked in ( VERY unprofessional ) . The room she offered me was on a 'high ' floor ( 5th ... . HA ) and when I checked in there was a big bag of grapes left behind by the previous guest on the window sill and some of the previous guests hair in the bathtub ... .I was DONE . Called down and had them re-clean the room ; they made no offer to compensate or upgrade ... not even a bottle of wine . The front desk clerk suggested I come down and get a key to another room ( like I have time for that ) . Disappointing as I do like Kimpton hotels and am a Kimpton In Touch member ( btw they 've done away with the amenities ... you just get a free item from the mini bar ) .
We stayed in a king suite at the Hotel Allegro over Memorial Day weekend . We paid $ 130/night , and it was definitely a bargain . The suite was huge - living room with a couch , two chairs , desk ; large bathroom ; bedroom ; two closets . The room had recently been renovated , and was very clean . Comfortable bed , friendly staff , great location ( near the train and bus ) , evening wine reception and morning coffee provided . While the Allegro is n't a five-star hotel , it is a great place for the money . ( Note : a friend stayed in a non-suite room , and reported that it was very small . Upgrade if possible ) .
My husband attended a conference in Chicago for the weekend of June 22nd and I decided to tag along for the shopping ! We flew into O'Hare and took a cab to the hotel , cost about $ 30 . Everybody from the doorman to reception desk to concierge were extremely friendly and helpful . We had a room on the 9th floor which overlooked the construction , but we were hardly in the room so it did n't bother us . We were also never awakened due to construction noise and my husband is a very light sleeper . The room was clean and spacious enough for us . The bed is very comfy . We ate in the restaurant downstairs several times for breakfast and lunch and all meals were great . The location of this hotel is perfect . You are about 1 & 1/2 blocks from Michigan Ave and the Hancock tower . Ca n't beat that ! There is also an adorable pet store called Tails In The City across from the hotel ! I brought our dog back a couple of toys ! They are very nice as well . All in all , no complaints . The hotel is clean and beyond what we were expecting . The staff is always friendly and the location is superb . It 's a safe neighborhood-I walked around by myself and felt fine . We would definitely return .
I booked this hotel for $ 75 on Hotwire with mid-level expectations for one night . Totally blown away . Arrived on a Sunday night . Gave car to valet ( $ 51/night ) . Lobby was a social people watching scene with swank music . Check-in was smooth and easy . I asked for an upgrade and was told no free upgrades to 3rd party bookings . Upgrade to suite was available at a cost . I passed since only 1 night stay . I asked for a nice , quiet room away from noisy housekeeping and ice machine . Received room 10-120 . Room was huge with 2 beds . Felt like 400 square feet . Newly renovated last year . Bell hop told me some rooms are very small so I totally lucked out ! Service from start to finish was top notch . Everyone had a smile on their face . Always spoke with great respect and made us feel welcome . Ordered room service at 10:45 PM . Arrived in 1/2 hour . food was so-so . Had pancakes in Lockwood for breakfast . Very good food and very good service . Strong coffee . Hotel is right on State Street shopping . FYI - Rooms on floors 15 and below were renovated last year . Rest were done 5 years ago . For the price , it was a great bargain ! Only complaint is bathroom is small .
Even though the reviews of this hotel are very good , the only good thing about it is the Location , which is excelent . aside from that , there are only 2 elevators , so there is ALWAYS a wait to get in . they also seem to have insufficient staff so getting your luggage , room service , etc takes forever . even if you arrive in a cab , there is no space to load/unload so you have to block the street while you arrive/depart , the rooms seem a bit dated and in need of a refresh . all in all , there are much better options in Chicago
Dispite what other are saying , this was one , if not the best Hotel stay in Chicago I have had . I travel to the Big City about three times a year for pleasure and The James rates up with the best . I was upgraded and the staff made the stay worth my special weekend visit . I do n't believe you will be disapointed .
We experienced bed bugs in our room while staying at the Omni Chicago Hotel on the Magnificent Mile . We never received a return call from General Manager Sanjay Mahajan after several voicemails . We will never return to the hotel and will work to spread the word . We also heard from several employees from the cleaning staff that this is common in the hotel .
We travel to Chicago regularly and have always wanted to stay at the Hilton Chicago . We booked a PriceLine room on the weekend of the half marathon . The place was busy , but the staff certainly found time for each individual guest . The room was nice and just what we expected . The pool area is also very nice for a downtown hotel . The location was great as we were taking in the Bears 49ers game on a Thursday night and a Sox game on a Friiday night . We would certainly stay there again and would recomment it to others . Great quality even at the regular room price .
We recently stayed at the hotel allegro in chicago illinois , while the hotel was nice please take my advice and do not stay here . I payed cash for the room and handed over my credit card for incedentals ( $ 50.00 ) the next day my debit card was charged $ 200 clearly this had to be a mistake ... i called the hotel manager who was the rudest person i have ever spoken with about the charge and was told that it was my fault i paid cash and that i could give him my bank account , routing , SS # and authorization code and he could call my bank and take care of it . Clearly i am smart enough not to give this information to anyone yet alone someone who had already taken more then should have been charged . I then called corporate to complain and let them know about the situation the only thing corporate could tell me is that they had already credited my account and that they were sorry and it was clearly my mistake . I then questioned them about the manager asking for all my information if they had already credited my account and they told me they didnt have an answer for me . So for your bank accounts sake do not stay here they are many other options in chicago
From the moment I stepped up to the front entrance my luxury service began ! I enjoyed every minute @ the fairmont ! The King room was spacious and the decor chic ! The coffee maker was the coolest and the bathroom is huge ! I really like the separate shower , tub , and separate door for the toilet . The desserts and cheese spread at ENO so yummy . Before the fairmont the W hotel was my favorite chain of hotels to stay at .
This a great property , excellent location and wonderful staff . Everyone was very accommodating and polite . The room I had was on the 23rd floor and was like a suite , with a living area and a bedroom . The living room was spacious , with a plasma TV , a desk and a couch . The beds were very comfortable and the toiletries of very good quality . In the closed they placed an umbrella , which came in handy , it rained the whole time I was in Chicago . The internet connection is $ 9.95/24hrs . Great place , I will return for sure .
I can see how this place must have been gorgeous at one time but they really need a makeover . 1 . There was a huge gaping hole in the carpet on the bedroom floor . I kid you not . How can they have guests in a room where the carpet looks like it had been mauled by a giant earthworm ? 2 . The furniture was severely chipped . Ok . I dont mind chipped furniture if I am slumming it in my just-out-of-college-sister 's apartment . But for 170+ a night , I want a room that does not look like it was furnished with stuff retrieved from a dumpster drive 3 . The receptionist while I was checking in was super curt . I know it was late but isnt that sort of your job ? Not everything was horribly bad though . The one star is for the bathroom that was super clean . I do not recommend this place at all .
I actually booked this reservation with the hotel over the phone and got a great rate -- much lower than the usual price ! It was a lovely hotel , beautifully appointed , walking distance from the places we wanted to go . We would highly recommend the Fairmont .
The hotel is very impressive upon entering and the staff was very friendly , however we felt our room was very dated and worn looking . Our air conditioning did n't seem to be working well , but we turned it down and thought that it would eventually ... cool off . Our first night was interrupted by a phone call at one A.M. That was a fax , it happened 4 times . By this time we realized that the air was not working again , so after fussing with the controls it did kick on . The next morning I mentioned to the concierge the issues with the phone , but did n't think to mention the issues with the air because it appeared to be working . After being out seeing the sites of Chicago for several hours and being very hot we were looking forward to resting in a cool room before going to a show . Our room was 78 degrees , I called and maintenience did come to check . After determining that the unit needed a motor it was another hour so we did not get to rest in a cool room before going out . I feel an offer should have been made to us by the hotel . Also was very surprised that WiFi was not a free service ! ! We will not be staying at the Hilton on our next trip to Chicago .
I was very happy with my stay at the Knickerbocker . The room were nice , and the staff was excellent . I was able to stay here for $ 80 per night thru Priceline . That was an incredible bargain in my opinion .. this hotel is very nice . It has an excellent location ... just off of Michigan Ave. All of the best shopping in Chicago can be found right around the corner . It 's a great location ... very close to many great attractions . If there is any negative it would be that there is no swimming pool , but I think that is common with a lot of the older hotels in Chicago , I would definately recommend this place ... hopefully I will be able to stay there again in the future .
My wife and I stayed at the Ambassador East Hotel for the first 3 days of our honeymoon in mid-October . We decided to split our honeymoon up and stay in two different hotels so that we could experience different aspects and areas of Chicago in a week . I 'll start out by saying that this was a great experience . At check-in , I indicated that we were on our honeymoon and were upgraded to a suite . The Ambassador East is probably a 10 to 15 minute walk from the North end of the Magnificent Mile . It is also just a 2 or 3 minute walk to a lot of great restaurants and bars on Rush . Our room itself was incredibly spacious and well appointed . Our suite ( on the 3rd floor ) had two very large closets , a large `` living room '' and a large bedroom . The bed was incredibly comfortable and the bathroom was nice enough . If I would have payed full price for this suite , I probably would have given it a rating of 4 , but because the staff was so kind and because my wife and I had such a great time here , I decided to give it a five . It is also worth mentioning that the concierge was very helpful . My wife and I decided to eat at The Pump Room restaurant , but we were not very impressed . We found the food and service mediocre . The atmosphere was probably pretty neat when Sinatra used to eat there back in the day , but not anymore . Although we were unimpressed by the Pump Room , the staff were kind enough to seat us in the `` Sinatra Booth '' which was back in a corner and enclosed by curtains . That neat experience was really the only redeeming value of our meal here . The Ambassador East is an older hotel , but it is in a charming older neighborhood . The staff 's kindness and overall charm of the hotel itself really impressed my wife and me . When we are in Chicago again , we will definitely consider staying at the Ambassador East again .
What a wonderful experience , super great , helpful , friendly staff . Angie at the front desk made sure my husbands birthday would be great . Our room was beautiful . Angie suggested we go to Sullivans for dinner..perfect choice , make the reservation for us . ( best seat in the house and a special dessert ) wow ... Above and beyond what any other hotel or staff has done for us before..Looking forward to staying there again & again . THANKS AGAIN
This hotel was very beautiful . I went with a group of 4 friends and we had a blast . It was very centrally located and was close to all sorts of transportation . The Continental breakfast was magnificent ! I did n't see much of the staff but all of the men at the front door were extremely helpful .
so my sweetie lures me out under the guise of dinner at the China Grill , upon arrival he tells me his boys are watching the game in a suite upstairs and want to say hi ... we arrive at the 35th floor and my oh my ! ! ! SURPRISE ! ! ! ladies and gentlemen THIS is something to be admired ... spacious and roomy , yet warm , cozy and inviting ... great bed , comfortable furniture , great 42 inch plasmas , and the views are UNBELIEVABLE ... my only complaint ? a shower should have a door to keep the heat IN ... other than that no complaints , room service was great , morning coffee was yummo ... overall a fabulous experience ! ! !
The Conrad has all the right stuff - great bedding , fancy decorations , beautiful lobby , etc . However , they are seriously missing the boat when it comes to customer service and attention to detail . When I checked in , I went to get a glass of wine from the minibar , only to discover that everything in the fridge was warm . I called for help and was cheerfully told that they would send an engineer right away to fix it . In the meantime , I said , great , but what about a cold drink ? They proceeded to send me 1 glass of wine via room service , without asking me if this would be okay . I paid $ 25 for 1 glass of wine . The minibar bottle would 've given me 2 glasses for about $ 33 . Nothing was said to me about this obvious difference . When I called to complain , I was made to feel cheap . To me , it was not the money , it was the principle . The next morning , my bill showed that I had eaten something out of the minibar . I had not . I called , and they said that the automatic sensors in the minibar must have triggered something ( duh - when the engineer came and took the entire fridge out of its compartment to fix it ) , and they took the charge off . They also took $ 10 off my room service bill , but I was still annoyed that nobody bothered to apologize or acknowledge the fact that I was overcharged . Also , when they fixed the minibar fridge , they did not replace anything in it . The guy said , it 'll take a while for things to cool down . Oh , really ? How about the warm beer , that was once cold , that will now taste disgusting ? I guess they 're saving that for the next person who checks into my room and has no idea . Another annoyance was that the lighted mirror in our bathroom did not work . When I plugged it in , it made 2 other lights in the bathroom go off , and then it never would come on . It seems that the Conrad thinks it can spend a lot of money to make itself look beautiful , without worrying about each customer 's experience . I do n't think they go into the rooms and check them out . And their sta
Having had a great stay at the Monaco last Fall with friends , I was disappointed ( initially ) to arrive on Saturday with husband and find that they did n't have our Quikbook made reservation in their system and they had no rooms available for Sat . eve . BUT they immediately took responsibility for their mistake by doing the following : found us a nice room at the neighboring Swissotel and paid for it ! Gave us cab fare to get the 4 blocks over there . Paid for our valet parking $ 33 that eve . So naturally when they asked if we were interested in returning for Sunday eve ( when they did have room ) , we said yes . When we returned , they gave us a corner suite with jacuzzi tub for our $ 139 quikbook rate ! Now that 's what I call a recovery ! !
I have been 4 times in Chicago , and I have stayed in 4 different Hotels : This has been for much the very best option . The lobby , the warm of the receptionist , the room , the hotel is very good . It is walking distance to the Magnificent Mile and there 's no chance for you to get lost from this hotel . If you like to travel with style this could be a very good option .
Review 's a little late , but ... My husband & I first stayed at the Amalfi in 8/06 totally based on reviews I read on this website . We were totally WOWED ! ! Loved the location , the room , the Aveda bath products , but most of all loved the evening reception & breakfast on our floor . I returned to Chicago with 3 girlfriends in 9/07 and booked us in a suite at the Amalfi . It was great - room was very spacious and my girlfriends were quite pleased ! Will stay next time I 'm in Chicago too ! ! P.S . They honor a government rate ! ! ! !
We loved the Talbott . The location was fabulous ... very close to the shopping . The hotel is smaller , but the rooms are very nice . They are very spacious and are able to be darkened to sleep well . Also , the beds are some of the most comfortable I have ever slept in . I might also add that our room at queen beds . The staff is all friendly and puts them themselves out for you . The hotel has a cute outdoor eating area on the sidewalk that has flowers , etc . It looks like a scene out of Europe . I would highly recommend the hotel . We were there with our daughters ; ages 10 and 13 .
We arrived at the Omni on 2nd September for a 6 day stay . I took ill when I left the plane after travelling from Manchester so I saw more of the room than I anticipated . I could n't go out for 4 days . The room was spacious and clean . The bed was extremely comfortable . The bathroom was large and very clean . What more could you ask . We had coffee and juice left outside our door every morning at the time we requested . I managed to go to the 5th floor to see the sun terrace ( outside the gym ) Having a sun terrace in a city hotel is a great idea but the terrace was a bit grim . A few sunbeds on a concrete floor . There was also noise from an air conditioning unit . It could do with a bit of cheering up . What I saw of Chicago was very pleasing , it has something for everyone . Would I go back to the Omni ? yes I would .
Stayed at the InterContinental for an entire week on business and for the most part a very elegant , convenient visit . Stayed in the historic tower . Very nice rooms , great view , attentive staff , convenient location just north of the Tribune Tower & the river , and nice fitness club at $ 16 for the entire stay . The only downside is I could n't get over the feeling that I was being nickle & dimed : $ 10 a day for Wi-Fi , $ 6 bottles of water in the room , $ 26 mini-bottle of wine in the fridge , tipping multiple staff for carrying the same bags , etc . Their in-house restaurant Zest is Zagat rated though I 'm not sure why . Within a 5 minute walk there are plenty of great restaurants with much better food than Zest . But , next time I need to be near the Loop I 'd stay at the InterContinental again .
This was a refreshing change from the ordinary . I loved the location , the service and the amenities offered by this hotel . The room was charming with a window seat and a water view . The decor was unique but cheerful . Free wireless internet services were a plus here . The staff was helpful and attentive . We loved having goldfish share our room ! I would definitely stay here again .
I stayed at the hotel for 5 nights in mid-March and was so disappointed with everything . The room was small , the carpets in the looby were smelly , no bathtub in the washroom and view of brick walls from the windows . Not even free internet which even the cheapest hotels offer these days . It costs $ 10/day to connect to internet . If you want to use internet in the lobby , minimum charge is $ 5 per use . To use the phone in the rooms for local calls , it is $ 1.25/15mins and then 10 cents every min . Even the local calls are charged , what a rip off ! ! ! Every hotel I have stayed at offers free intercontinetal breakfast , of course no such thing at this hotel . No indoor pool , go figure . I won this from bidding process at priceline , I will be reluctant to use this service and this hotel in future .
For a Hilton hotel I was very unimpressed , the rooms are incredibly small , there are no refrigirator or coffee machine for coffee or tea . Wifi costs an arm . Plus side there is a Starbucks at the bottom , but only limited opening hours , the lobby is very nice . Location is decent .
We were checked into a room with empty beer bottles , dirty underwear in the closet and unclean bathroom . There was no manager available for an hour to take any complaints . We missed our show because of the extra time it took in moving into another room etc . Finally when I got to talk to the manager and complained about beer bottles especially when I had a child and a teenager with me she offered to send me wine and cheese to make up for the inconvenience ! ! ! Staff was somewhat reluctant to take request of extra blankets at night . They kept telling me to look into the closet for extra blankets . I asked for two blanket , but they delivered one . I had to keep calling to get settled . I saw a comment form from the prior guest in our room on the study desk , who had taken the trouble of filling it out , but no one collected it or cared for it . ht . Noisy rooms . Can hear the doors all night . Thebreakfast items kept running out and had to make calls to get them replenished . I will not recommend this hotel to any one even at discounted rates ! !
We stayed here because of the enthusiastic positive reviews on Trip Advisor and Yelp . We might have had a one in a million experience , but we : - were served a hairy salad ( a long black hair held a lettuce leaf hostage ) ; - considered our guest room tiny ; - could not submerge a thigh , much less a body , in the tub ( we 're not obese and we 're not Dexter ) ; - endured a broken air conditioner for days ( it could n't be repaired ) ; - experienced the delight of an inexplicably broken toilet ( they fixed it that day ) . On a positive note , the tea from room service tasted delicious , employees were abundant and friendly , the location is great , and it 's very easy to get a taxi . In the future , I would reluctantly stay here for business . I would not stay here for pleasure . I think a 20-something who has n't traveled much would appreciate this hotel more than a seasoned traveler would ... as a friend said to me today , `` Oh , the Sofitel ? That 's the Hilton of France . '' I agree .
This hotel was wonderful ! I am a college student who went with my mom for the weekend and we both liked it ! Pros : THE FRONT DESK and THE STAFF ! ! ! -Helpful : Knew great places to eat and HOW to get there Breakfast : Pastries , coffee , tea , muffins , etc : Fresh Drinks + hors d'oeuvres : Yummy ! ! Rooms -Clean -Well decorated Lots of people of different ages stayed there Cons : Very very very far from the museums
We stayed here from Nov. 30 to Dec 2 and had a wonderful time . The hotel is just beautiful and the service was excellent from check in to the maid staff to the bartenders in Kitty O'Shea 's . We had a room with a king bed that was very comfortable and had very nice feather pillows . You can request other types if you have a problem with feathers . The large flat screen TV was very nice . Bath products were by Crabtree & Evelyn and included shampoo , conditioner , mouthwash and bady lotion . Plenty of coffee was provided . We drank and had snacks at Kitty O'Shea 's . The crowd was fun and there was live Irish folk music each night . Good selection of beer and good Shepards Pie , Cheese Dip and Crisps ! The location worked very well for us . We walked to the Art Museum and Buddy Guys Blues Club is right across the street . And shopping was a breeze using the shuttle ! The cab ride to the Museum of Science and Industry was quite far though and cost about $ 15 each way . An excellent weekend getaway !
We traveled to Chicago to visit with our daughter who lives in the city . To our suprise what once was a lovely older hotel is now under major renovations . Gone is the lobby and gusts are required to walk down to the basement to get the one ... elevator that is working to the second floor to register . Our first room was recently renovated ... ..stark white walls , no amenities at all . Guests had to enter the room and find their way to the bed to turn on the light to the room . Modern furniture includes a bed that is close to the groud , a cold blck slab functioning a a desh and metal chair . No fride , coffee maker , iron , or even a picture on the stark white walls . We asked to change our room and then were put in one of the older suites on the 15th floor . While this room was attractive , we were greeted to jack hammers at 8 every morning . The staff were all very nice but the accommodations were lacking . lake shore drive
I was looking forward to staying here for my wedding in late September , and was surprised by the signs of hard times that were subtle , but affected me and my husband . For example , he got locked out of our room 2 times , once having to wait for 15 minutes in the hallway after going to the spa . The other time was when he was getting ready for our wedding ceremony , so that was stressful because he lost some time . The keycard just would stop working . Then a fuse blew , so we had no power while trying to get ready . It happened to me also , coming back from the spa , and I called on the hallway phone to get help . Luckily , right after that , an employee who was randomly walking by asked me if I had been waiting long -- as if she knew this was a problem . I said no , and she called down to check . Apparently , no one had even called Security to get me back into my room ! She had a set of keys and let me in , thank god . Then , on our wedding night , my husband wanted to order from room service . It was a little after 10:30pm . We were told that room service was closed for the night -- even though all the literature in the room brags about `` 24 hour dining . '' That fact was never communicated to us when we checked in . I feel like the quality of service and amenities are slipping . We later heard something about a lot of employees getting laid off , so maybe that 's why people were n't too intersted in providing good service . I do n't think if I would recommend that anyone stay at this Fairmont nor will I ever again . BTW , the spa is great to hang out in , even if you 're not doing a massage .
I try to stay at the James every time I happen to be in Chicago . There are other good choices in town , but nobody has what the James offers : superior service - aka class meets efficiency - , metropolitan design and comfort with an attention to details I found only at the W in Seoul , and what always plays a role meaning a convenient location ... Then they get to you with small unexpected touches that make the difference ie : I was about to take off and drive North , it was a hot July day ... one of the staff members handed me a bottle of water . A small gesture . Unexpected and appreciated . The management AND the staff understand what we expect and more importantly , what we need . AND they consistenly execute against that .
My family and I stayed at the Hyatt on Wacker Dr. on March 27 , 2012 . We were excited about the great price we got for your 4-star hotel through priceline . Unfortunately , we were not impressed . In the past , we have stayed at the Hyatt in downtown San Diego for spring break on the Marina , but chose to stay closer to home this year . The room was not clean to our standards when we arrived , even though we paid for an upgrade . We asked for it to be cleaned while we were sight seeing and were assured it would be looked after . Upon our return , nothing had been moved in the room to re-clean including the tea my sons had made prior to our excursion so I can only assume , it was n't even checked as promised . We only had 3 towels for the 4 of us and had to call for more . They were promptly delivered but room service took 40 + minutes to deliver us a knife and corkscrew we essentially paid for because we felt compelled to tip even though we had to call and ask for it twice ! The curtains were dirty and frayed by the vacuuming , the bed skirt had a foreign stain on it , the honor bar/fridge was gouged and dirty , too ! The mirror was dirty and the beds appeared to have been jumped on - not neat and tidy at all ... .There were boxes of trash in the hall and an old refrigerator or two as well . Very disappointing to say the least . I have buyer 's remorse and wish we had just taken the train home and stayed in our own beds ! We were compensated for our upgrade - $ 20.00 but given the price of parking , taxes , and etc . at this point I would n't recommend this Hyatt to anyone . My husband travels and uses his Hyatt business travel points quite often and also expected better from your 4-star hotel . I felt compelled to let you know how unhappy we were with your facility .
I stayed at ICH Chicago for business in November of 2006 and loved it . As a Royal Ambassador member , they upgraded me to a beautiful junior suite with a separate living and working area and 2 bathrooms ! My upgrade was in place upon arrival and a beautiful fruit basket was waiting for me on the coffee table . They even had a nice young lady escort me to my room . The suite was beautifully furnished and had an Art Deco feel to it . The only thing I regretted was that I only stayed one night . I will definitely stay here on my next visit .
The Sheraton is a fantastic hotel . My wife and I stayed on the 29th floor overlooking the Chicago River and Lake Michigan . The view was great . We got a corner room that also had a couch in . The hotel was just a short walk to the Navy Pier and the Magnificant Mile Shopping area . Food at the hotel was great . Service from checking in to maid service was first class . Great Hotel , Great Town , Highly recommend it .
My husband and I wanted to spend the weekend in Chicago to celebrate our anniversary , and I had been looking at the James for awhile because it was attached to David Burke 's Primehouse . From the moment I called to make my reservation , I knew this hotel understood what customer service means to a consumer and a picky one at that . From the pre-arrival dossier , to the special sweets from the staff to kick off our anniversary weekend and a hand written note thanking us for staying at the James , this staff is well versed in the long lost art of customer service . The rooms were well appointed and the beds comfy and warm on a cool weekend . The walking distance to Michigan Av is a huge plus . From the front desk to the cleaning staff , the staff here is top notch ! And David Burke 's Primehouse is not to be missed !
The location of this hotel was excellent as it is just beside the subway and the bus stop for the free trolley bus to Navy Pier is just beside the hotel . The room was very spacious . Kind of too big for a solo traveler . The view from the room was excellent and it was a great view to sleep at night . The bathroom was spacious too and the room has a big wardrobe . The kitchen has microwave oven and cooking utensils . Some of the cooking utensils were a bit dirty , probably because they had not been used for sometime . However , the microwave oven was very useful as I can heat up food to eat at night . You can easily walk to the magnificent mile by cutting across the shopping mall across the road . Do check out Pizzeria Uno which is near the hotel that serves the delicious deep dish pizza . For cheaper food , do check out the foodcourt at the shopping mall . The hotel also serves breakfast and dinner from Mon to Thur . I did not find the food that fantastic but it was pretty decent . I will strongly recommend this hotel to everyone going to Chicago .
I just had a conference there . They have bed bugs -- I have all these bug bites and it itches like hell . Food wise , we had chicken BOTH times for lunch ( maybe my company was saving some $ ) but they should at least prepare them differently . It looked like they did the same style chicken but change the underlying `` bed '' upon which it is served . For dinner , we had filet mignon and crab cake . Sounds good right ? Wrong ! The filet mignon seems to be 1/2 the thickness of what I have seen and it was tough . I thought the filet mignon is suppose to be tenderest part of the cow ? ? ? ? Also , the crab cakes was a bit too salty . Finally the portions were tiny and left me lacking . In asking my co-worker , most seem to be blase about the food . However , some seem to like the burger ( which they went to substitute ) at the Palms , which is a restaurant inside the hotel , just off the lobby . On the positive note , the dessert for dinner was good . Otherwise , I 'd recommend another hotel . In the meantime , when I got home , I make sure to bring EVERYTHING straight to the washer/dryer to disinfect ( even strip down ) . But , damn , I 'm still itchin '
I travel a lot for business and quite frankly , my expectations were starting to reach new lows . I usually always choose W Hotels just for the consistency ( of average hotels ) . The Affinia in Chicago has raised my expectations and W Hotels are going to suffer in comparison . This hotel is one of the cleanest I have stayed at in some time . Service was impeccable . Friendly front-desk staff and the extra towels I ordered arrived literally within minutes . The gym has new equipment with plenty of space . And such a fun vibe - without dark hallways and loud music . I have to thank the other reviewers - their reviews led me to the Affinia and I was so pleased . My new `` Chicago Hotel '' . It will even lead me to try the Manhattan hotels .
Great beds , clean rooms , amazing bathroom , nifty view , wonderful service , expensive parking ( $ 40 , but it 's Chicago ) , speedy in and out . Very European in sensibility and amenities , but with air conditioning !
My wife and I had to stay downtown for event that we were attending at the Drake Hotel . I have stayed at the Drake before and while it is nice , it is bit stuffy and a little outdated for the price . We opted to walk across the street and stay at the Millenium instead . I know this property has under gone many renovations in past year and I have to say they have done a great job . This place used to be the hotel you would crash in when you came to Chicago on a college roadtrip ( I did ) . But that is not the case any more . This property is directly across from the Drake Hotel and for 1/2 the price you get their great location with a newer ( albeit smaller ) room and every ammenity you would expect from a 4* hotel . The rooms are tastefully decorated ( Asian influence w/flat screen tv ) and the bed is very comfortable . The bath is small ( no tub ) , but very clean and the shower is great . You are not going to be spending a bunch of time in your room when visting Chicago , so the room 's size is not a big deal . ( It works well with a couple , but a family of four may be a bit cramped . ) The service was attentive and friendly and the location ca n't be beat . I would definitely stay here again , but the next time I would leave the car at home ( $ 49/night parking is a bit steep ) .
Stayed valentines weekend . Got the 5th floor with a direct view of the building next door . You have to pay extra for the pool and the ice machine was out on our floor . Parking nearby sucks as most of Chicago or pay 50 for valet to go through your car . Glasses were dusty and gross . This location is notorious for having super sensitive scales on the mini fridge , so when you barely touch it you 'll get a bill at 3 in the morning under your door . Had I been on a higher floor and had a better view it would be a 4 star but not this time .
I 've been here for 4 days . Great location right off of miracle mile , near all major hotels , best shopping and theatres . Rooms very large . Hotel staff very friendly and helpful , and respond immediately . Problems : there frequently are homeless people ( even during daylight ) on Superior between St. Clair and Michigan Avenue ( the main route you walk for or all activities , and just about everything is in walking distance from here ) . At night , the street on the north side of Superior is dark , and it usually smells strongly of several unpleasant odors . The street people do not approach you , although they may stare as you go by . Usually 2 or more along the way , where they sleep on the window sills of Neiman Marcus . I would not think a woman would feel safe by herself . ( I am from a large city and do not have a street people phobia . ) There are homeless up and down Michigan Street , but this is different as it 's a lonely stretch and no open business is along either side of the street . The entire hotel needs a lot of cosmetic work , and apparently will soon undergo a major renovation . For now , expect two extremely small , warm , slow elevators with long waits serving 17 floors and warm , cramped hallways ! All the walls throughout the hotel need painting , and the wallpaper is peeling in places . In the room , several electrical outlets were hanging out of the connection , the carpets were stained , the bathrooms needed new grout ( some mold visible ) , the TV is very small ( 16 Inch ? ) and the windows very , very dirty . You wo n't get your room serviced unless you ask for it , sometimes more than once . The `` pub `` downstairs is run down , dark and kind of creepy . Food and room service are very expensive , as is parking ( $ 34/day public and $ 38/day valet ) . On the plus side , the bed was very comfortable , there was ample comfortable furniture in the sitting area , plenty of space and a decent view as the hotels spans St. Clair street toward the north and south . You can see a sliver of Lake Michigan . Pool small , but clean . All in all , it was clean and quiet and provides lots of space for sitting around in the room , but I think it is overpriced , and I would not stay here again .
I stayed at the Omni with a Band that what in town . The room was amazing . Just walking in , the hotel was gorgeous . I have no complaints . Prompt Room service , Friendly front desk . Many shops , beautiful fountin . Just an all around great hotel in a great City .
We booked the Amalfi looking for a great boutique hotel in Chicago . The hotel is a nice property with clean rooms and nice amenities in a good location . However , when i booked the hotel I was offered an upgraded room from a king room to a corner king room for only $ 10 more . That was great until I checked in . The corner room looked at two brick walls and an alley . During the night there were several homeless individuals fighting in the alley . It would seem that this is a place for them to congregate . On top of this , the dumpsters in the alley were being emptied by the waste department between 5 and 6 am in the morning . The noise was crazy loud . I think this is a nice hotel with some unfortunate aspects due to its location . The staff is extremely friendly and very helpful .
We usually stay at the Sofitel but thought we would try the Conrad for a change . I do n't think I would rate this hotel over the Sofitel but it was still 1st class . But I do think the service was better at the Conrad . We arrived at the hotel just before the restaurant closed and soon we were the only table left . Normally service goes down hill then but our waiter Eric was the best . Even when I kept ordering my after dinner ports . The meal may not have been The Chop House but it was still very good . The bar was ok , no Crown Reserve . They did have the Cask 16 at $ 24 a drink , ouch . The room service was very quick . Our room was very clean and the maids replace everything including the ashtrays during their visits . The only fault we could find was the temperature on the 14th floor . It was so hot that we had our window open the whole time with the heat turned completely off . Which was n't so bad since my wife smokes . The temp on the 5th where the lobby , bar , and restaurant was fine . We enjoyed the hotel enough that we will be back in Sept. One last thing , if you like a cheap fantastic breakfast . Go to the West Egg , only a few blocks away .
The Affinia is virtually the perfect hotel for a visit to Chicago . My wife and I stayed in an upgraded suite . Very large room , that is modern and has all the little touches . The staff was extremely helpful and professional . The location is excellent . The price is a good value for what you get . We simply could n't find anything to criticize . Highly recommended !
I stayed at the Talbott twice in the last few weeks . I was very pleased with every facet of my stays . The staff , from doormen to front desk , to concierge , to housekeeping , were wonderful . The rooms were nicely sized and clean , and well stocked . I will return to the Talbott anytime !
We travel to Chicago frequently and have stayed in many of the hotels downtown . We were excited to try the Swissotel , but left disappointed . The actual hotel and rooms were very nice with amazing views , the staff was extremely rude . The man that checked us in was on the phone and did not acknowledge us until he was done with his phone call . He then did not say more than five words , which were `` I need a credit card '' . The lobby bar had fireplaces and was very cozy . The hotel information said it closed at 2am so we came back to hotel at 1230am for a `` night cap '' , that was last call . That was fine for us , but the bar was full and many people were coming back from their night wanting a `` night cap '' but did not make last call . Our night ended listening to many unhappy people complaining and receiving no sympathy from the employees . There are many places to stay in the area that are just as nice or nicer , no need to stay at the Swissotel again . Definitely do n't stay if you 're looking for a romantic weekend away , the employees will ruin your experience from the second you walk in the door .
We booked directly with the Intercontinental -- a special room for our wedding night . After our wedding , we went to the Hotel excited and happy . When we got there , the night changed . We were treated rudely and with no respect . They told us there was `` no room '' even though we had a confirmation number . Instead of showing any empathy , they told us to go sit down while they figured out `` what to do with us '' . My husband was in his tux and I was in my wedding gown ! No apology ! No concern ! We were given $ 20 and told to go find a cab and take it to a hotel where they 'd `` found '' a room . The Intercontinental RUINED our wedding night . We are telling anyone and everyone of our experience . This place was supposed to be elegant . We 've never been treated so poorly . We will never stay in another Intercontinental Hotel and highly recommend you do not contribute to a place that would do this to a newly married couple ! ! ! STEER clear of this place .
I stayed at the Allegro for several days in August 2004 and I would defintely stay again . I had a very large room with a huge bathroom , although the property is a converted theater so the rooms may vary in size and layout . The lobby is comfortable with big sofas and chaise lounges , a nice place to enjoy the simple ( 2 choices , no munchies ) but pleasant wine reception . At night , there is not much going on in the immediate vicinity , other than theater traffic , but it 's a short cab ride to Michigan Avenue shopping and River North restaurants .
Do n't stay here if you take peace in knowing you have a reservation . About 3 months ago , we booked a room here for our wedding night ( which is in less than 2 weeks ) . My fiance called last week to confirm the room and everything was great until today when they called to bump us to another hotel - no upgrades , no discounts . Apparently it is my problem that their manager ca n't manage the convention schedule . I do n't even want to stay at another Kimpton Hotel because I do n't find their reservation system reliable . Unfortunately , due to the conference , there is n't any other place to stay .
The Hard Rock Hotel was a natural choice for me to book a block of rooms for several colleagues traveling into Chicago.. The location is fantastic - a short walk to top notch city points of interest such as Lake Michigan , Millennium Park , and Art Museum - and several fantastic restaurants nearby to choose from . My co-works LOVED the exterior of the building , views from the rooms , the art on the walls , and crisp , clean & hip feeling of the hotel , but not `` too over the top '' for `` business '' . By far a better experience than your usual `` chain '' hotel where they shuffle you in and out and boring rooms . Here you feel special ... for the same price . The lobby and bar have fun & cozy areas to just hang out and watch the people pass on Michigan Ave ( or catch a real rock star in the lobby ! )
My stay at the The James was perfect . My room was thoughtfully designed : the lighting , the storage space , the bar area , the eating nook and everything else in the room was purposeful and pretty to look at . The staff was friendly and and genuinely accomadating . The restaurant ( Primehouse ) echoed the above . Great service and one of the best steaks I 've had in a very long time .
How about this had reservation confirmation in hand and still had to argue with the registration desk about price on reservation . She tried to charge me price on bill they slide under your door . Sorry not on my watch ! Then about this room you gave me I understand this place is old but for the price you charge how about some indoor plumbing ! You take a shower and the tub fills with water will not drain this is absolutely redickulas for this being a Hilton I think you should step back and take a look at how this place is operating . Registration : Fail Parking price : Fail Plumbing : Fail Thank you Hilton for for my super 8 experience in Chicago .
I stayed at the Omni for one night following a business meeting at another downtown Chicago hotel . I was completely impressed by the service ; all personnel during my stay were absolutely outstanding . I checked in quite early ( no problem ) and was efficiently checked in . My room had a somewhat heavy scent of air freshener ( the ONLY negative from the entire stay ) , which was managed reasonably well by opening the windows . I do n't generally require much during my hotel stays , but suffice to say the doorman , housekeeping , the night manager and bartender at 676 , the day waiter at 676 , and the concierge were amazing - I never waited more than about 30 seconds for anything . The room was very comfy and the amenities were superior . One very tiny complaint - there was no wastebasket near the sink or near the wet bar - had to walk to the other end of the bathroom or sitting room to dispose of kleenex/coffee paraphernalia . One wastebasket would make all the difference . All that said - what a great hotel ! ! Thanks , Omni - I had a great stay !
i stayed at this hotel for a week with my family this hotel is huge so clean has comfy beds foods great staff couldn , t of being any nicer . stayed here for thanksgiving it was fabulous second time in chicago and still want to go back again ... the hotel is within walkin distance to both state street and michicgan avenue.There , s taxis right outside the hotel and the concierge can also ring for mini buses if your travelling with a big crowd.there , s also a cinema 2 mins away opposite the hotel . Perfect Hotel for a great get away ...
Triple A rate with upgrade to view room was less than $ 200 which also included breakfast vouchers . Had a great view of river , lake , Wrigley Bldg . & Tribune Bldg . Most major restaurants , Shopping , Sightseeing attractions within walking distance . Large room with a very comfortable bed .
What a quaint , warm and friendly place to stay ! Very accomodating ..had 2 dble beds and bathroom was fine ... .a bit small compared to USA hotels ... .but compared to european travel ... the place was palatial ! Would def . stay here again . Location is great too !
Beautiful hotel , but does n't have a lot to offer for the price . Sheets and pillowcases in the room had stains on them , TV remote would not function properly . Valet service truly needs improvement . We payed quite a bit for overnight parking , and it took them almost an hour to bring our car to us when we needed to leave . When we asked to find out what was taking so long , we got tossed back and forth between bell hop and front desk , with no answers .
I recently stayed at this hotel with my family ( 10-1 / 10-3 ) . We had a terrific experience . I landed the hotel through Priceline for $ 80 per night and paid an additional $ 75 per night for a suite on the 41st floor . My two young boys loved it as the view was unbelieveable and the pool on the 42nd floor was easily accessible . I found all the employees that we interfaced with to be very friendly and accommodating . I would love to stay here again .
I 've used Priceline for every trip I 've made back to Chicago and I 've been fortunate to have stayed in some excellent hotels downtown . This was my first and last stay at the Ambassador East . Its conveniently located near the Clark/Division stop on the El 's red line . That is the best part of our experience . When we checked in we were charged additional for upgrading from a king bed to two queens . I 've never had that issue at any other hotel I 've stayed at . The room 's decor was outdated and the TV was tiny . The hotel charges for usage of Internet . You could hear people in the hallway and when you 're in the hallway you could easily hear people in the rooms . We were n't in Chicago to stay in the hotel however , for people that might want a romantic weekend this definitely is n't the place . ... read more
What can I say ... this USED to be our FAVORITE hotel in Chicago because of its location , its historic and gorgeous pool , it amazing Sunday brunch , it 's relatively low price compared to comparable hotels , its exclusive benefits of the ambassador membership ... All of the above has fallen disappointingly by the wayside with a resounding THUD . Let 's break it down : Location : I 'll concede that it 's still great . Get a corner room in the Historic tower higher than the 20th floor with a view of Michigan Ave and/or the river . Its historic and gorgeous pool : Closed indefinitely ! When asked when it will re-open , the hotel staff actually said , `` Maybe never . '' Its amazing Sunday brunch : Zest is gone , and his been replaced by a very dark Michael Jordan restaurant that takes up much of the lobby and second entrance . ( The lobby , by the way , used to be beautiful and open with lots of places to sit . Also no longer ... ) . The food is very bad . Very . Bad . There are so many restaurants in this city . Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else to eat . Its relatively low price compared to comparable hotels : Based on my review of everything else . Go to the Drake , or the Peninsula . Completely worth the extra money ... That , or downgrade to the Hilton and get what you expect and pay for ... The InterContinental has fallen so low that you pay a higher price than the Hilton , but you get a worse experience ! Its exclusive benefits of the ambassador membership : I canceled our membership after this disaster . Part of the membership includes early check-in ( granted , when available ) ... but our room was n't ready until 6pm . This is obviously after normal check-in . The staff was overwhelmed , and not effective or helpful . I tried to speak with the manager about our room , waited in long line to speak with someone , only to be told that my husband needed to be with me because the membership was in his name . In a nutshell . Go somewhere else . ps : Go to Argo tea next door instead of the Starbucks in the hotel . Way better food and coffee .
Attended a wedding in Chicago ; Sofitel is new , humming , very very modern ( W hotel style - minimalist ) and a great location . However , I miss the basics of a less trendy hotel . We checked in at 7 PM and our room was n't ready - when they gave me a key the maid was still in the room making it up for me ! ! ! I had to wait in the hallway ... . On the weekend I came back for a nap at about 3:30 PM after vacating the room at 8:30 AM and it still was n't made up . The housekeeping line was never answered so had to call front desk to get someone to make up my room . Also called housekeeping for a new hairdryer and they never brought me one ... .I gave up ... This is a hot , youth hotel but for my next visit , I think I 'd prefer some of the classic amenities likely timely housekeeping , a somewhat larger room that you can walk around , and a less trendy , hot , loud clientele . I 'm over 40 .
First let me say , the front office people at Hotel Monaco are wonderful and the location of the hotel was just what I 'd hoped . There are some other problems ; the furnishings are quite rundown , and housekeeping was n't very helpful . We booked a suite and the sofa bed , chair and coffee table in the living room area had all had some very hard use . I 've attached pictures , so you can see the considerable gap in the sofa and the lack of pillows . Comfortable it was not ! The chair bottom is all broken down too . I invited one of the Assistant Managers to view our furniture , and a slight adjustment was made in our rate . As to housekeeping , we had ordered an in-room coffee service ( which Kimpton 's web site says is there , but you have to specifically request ) and at no time did housekeeping leave us coffee . We had to call the front desk every day . And , housekeeping neglected our fish and on our next to last day we found it floating dead at the top of the fish bowl . I had requested water be added to the bowl when I noticed it going down and my note was disregarded . These things may not matter to you , but if you plan to spend a week , like we did , you might want to be comfortable . The bedroom and bathroom were superior ; just the living room was bad .
We stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in early December , we stay there that weekend every December and we think it is the best location in the city for us . We like State Street better than Michigan Avenue and the Palmer House is right there . We stayed in the Towers , in a room with two double beds and 2 baths . The room was not huge , but very comfortable . The towers area was recently refurbished and it shows , the lobby is beautiful with plasma screen TVs on the walls , comfortable chairs and tables and a seperate room for the food/drinks . There is a continental breakfast in the morning , appetizers during cocktail hour and cookies are laid out until the room closes . There is a fridge stocked with soft drinks , water and juice that are yours for the taking . We were very pleased with the upgraded Towers , everyone should check it out !
I reserved the `` Rock star '' suite for my boyfriend 's birthday months and months in advanced . When we arrived at the Hotel Monaco , they told us that they doubled booked the room . This was after many emails to the hotel inquiring about the room and if it was available . They tried to make up for it by providing us with a room with a wonderful view of the river and giving us a ten dollar gift certificate to their resturant - which we did n't even use . I felt we were taken advantage of because we were young . The doorman did n't make us feel any better when he told us that it was n't the first time they did this for the `` rock star '' suite . However , the conceirge was incredible with providing us with a bottle of champagne for his birthday and delivered the birthday cake I ordered . If it was n't for the room confusion - It would have been a wonderful stay .
I have stayed at this location many times over the past few years and have enjoyed the neighborhood , cost and amenities . The hotel is currently under construction and while they claim to be open , you would n't know it . You need to take an elevator to get from the street the lobby and the rooms are bare lacking even an alarm clock . The beds are propped up on a modern bed stand but you might think that you are in a stale mental asylum and not a `` nicer historic hotel . '' I will try them again once the construction is through but would recommend staying at any other hotel in the meantime . It was a very frustrating experience .
I stayed at the Fairmont for a few nights and found the whole experience excellent . I was given a very large room with great views of the city ; the breakfast was extremely good ; and the location was as central as I could have wished for . The pool was not large but felt luxurious and was great for early morning swims . In the evening I spent some time in the hotel bar with friends and that was excellent too . Highly recommended as a base for exploring Chicago .
My husband and I and our 10 month old took a quick trip to Chicago . We stayed one night at The Palmer house after reading that they were a four star hotel . I guess I am just confused as to why they are a four star hotel . Yes the lounge area is nice but the rooms were so small I could n't set up a pack and play for my son . I had to call and `` upgrade '' my room just so my son could have someplace to sleep . The lower levels have been updated which makes them slightly better than a Holiday Inn . The wall paper is peeling away from the walls and the shower was dirty . I will NEVER stay there again .
We were at the Hotel Allegro for an Industry Analyst event . I could not have expected worse . At first glance , you figured it could n't be too bad as a Kimpton . The unfortunate issue - service and the people were excellent . However , the rooms just sucked . Imagine your normal hotel room and 1/3 that size . Cramp in a king size bed and add a bathroom that 's also 1/3 the size . The building has that old hotel smell where things are musky but covered up with some paint smell . The bathroom has showers with modern fixtures but remind you of that nyc studio you rented with 5 other people out of college . The paints peeling on the base boards , the carpet is new , but something is wrong . I would stay at the Marriott , Renaissance , Westin , or any where else .
Having booked the hotel directly with the hotel on its website , I arrived tired from Ireland , to find that they had mislaid my booking and had no room on that night , but did have rooms for the rest of the week . They booked me in to another ( not as nice ) downtown hotel and paid for my taxi to that hotel and for that nights accommodation . On my return to the hotel next day , I was upgraded to the Club level . What really impressed me was that the hotel did everything they could to make up for their earlier mistake ... unprompted . Of course , the hotel itself ( particularly on the 32nd floor ) is excellent . I will definitely be back .
The historic feel of the hotel really had a strong influence on my choice to book this hotel . Unfortunately , the ambiance of the hotel could not make up for the rest of its shortcomings . The front desk staff was rude , the doormen were usually busy chatting or playing on their cell phones instead of greeting us or opening the door . There are three elevators but good luck with them all working . They are very very small and when only one is up and running ... you end up waiting a long time for one . Not fun when you are on the 12th floor . The room was TINY and the air conditioning did not work at all ... the room felt damp and miserable . We put the thermostat as low as it would let us ( 65 ) and the room never went below 78 . ( and it was 107 outside the whole trip ! ! ! ) . There really are no amenities inside the hotel other than an ice machine and a slightly overpriced restaurant . Internet is not free either ... Overall , I would never stay here again .
I was surprised by the fact that there were no extra sheets or blankets to make up the hide a bed . I called the desk and asked for some and they said that I could n't have any and that only the maid could come and set up the bed . My husband was ill and I wanted the bed set up so I would n't disturb him . but they were un moved and would n't bring the sheets . I ended up sleeping on the mattress with bath towels over it and another bath towel as a blanket . They could have given me a set of sheets and a blanket , I did n't pay that much a night to sleep on a bare mattress . Seriously ! Lack of concern for the customer .
We stayed at the Swissotel for a special birthday weekend for my wife from Aug 25 to 29 . I had called ahead to ask for a nice room and to order flowers for my wife . Jaymes Ballard , the Concierge , made arrange for flowers , early check-in and we had a great room . Our room was the 33rd floor with a view facing the city . Room was large , everything looked like new , great bed , large bathroom with separate shower , great ammenities . A beautiful bouquet of flowers arrived upon our arrival . The hotel is about 10 mins from everything , not close but not far from anything . Has a great restaurant , 2 patios outside where I had a cigar . A really nice pool and hot tub on the 42nd floor . I would recommend this hotel to anyone and thanks to Jaymes for making our trip very special .
We stayed at the Fairmont two nights for the SOFA art fair at the Navy Pier . I was impressed that the bellman called us by name when he met the taxi and pronounced it correctly , which is quite unusual . Everyone smiled and welcomed us . The lobby looks clean and friendly , not ultramodern , but not at all tired or worn . Our room , also clean and comfortably furnished , was larger than we expected , with a clean , modern bath and a lovely view of the Navy Pier and the lake . We did not eat at the restaurant , but it looked attractive . Our only problem was that we had asked for non-feather pillows , upon reserving the room , upon checking in , and calling housekeeping . After waiting an hour , we went to bed . The next day the check-in desk person was extremely apologetic and by the time we returned , all the feathers were replaced with foam and non-allergenic materials . The hotel is convenient to Millenium Park and Michigan Ave. We would stay there again , assuming we could get good rates .
I usually stay at the Hotel Monaco but stayed at the Allegro because most the Monaco was booked . While the Allegro is similar to the Monaco in it 's decor ( less traditional and more funky interior ) it is not nearly as nice . The linens are not as high quality as the Monaco and the rooms are not decorated as nice . The rooms are also smaller . The main reason I would not recommend the hotel though , is the bathroom . It has an old tiled floor , with an old sink , and old toilet . It reminds me of something you would find in a men 's locker room . Although the Allegro has installed a nice mirror , it does not make up for the limited counter space and dingy apperance . Also , the layout of the bathroom is terrible . The toilet is so close to the wall that the toilet paper sits in your lap as you sit on the toilet . Also , the room is not very clean as well . The floor in my room was dirty and I found crumbs in the drawers . I would recommend staying at the Monaco , Hard Rock , or Soffitel for a hotel that is a little less traditional but still nice .
My family of four went to a convention and stayed here in early August . We were promised a room with two double beds . When we arrived ( earlier than most ) we were told they were 45 double beds short . We reluctantly agreed to take a room with a king bed and a promise of a roll away bed . We had a to sleep very uncomfortably with a 12 year old in our bed and our other child in the roll away . Little did we know we were being CHARGED a daily fee for this bed . The managment could not handle the large group that was at this hotel . The bellhops and bartenders were visibly stressed and we did not have towels one day until very late at night . The managers would not take off the roll away bed charge and were not the least bit accomodating . We were so disappointed in this hotel . Also , they do not have a pool here . If you want to use a pool there is a health club next to the hotel but you have to pay $ 20 a day to use it . $ 80 for a family to take a little swim was a bit ridiculous . Do yourself a favor , if you want to be accomodated and are thinking of booking this hotel for a convention or otherwise , go elsewhere . Chicago has too many hotels to choose from to pick this one . I never heard back from managment on this issue when I called and emailed so obviously they do n't care , even when I told them I 'd write a review on this website . Chicago is an awesome city though . We loved it !
The elevator system was impossible . It seems they were trying to improve it but only made it worse . Many people waited 15+ minutes and some bailed out to the stair wells . It happened several times . I had read about it before booking but guess I did n't take it seriously . It 'd be a deal breaker for any future return unless I heard clearly it was improved . Also , I always think it 's lame that you have to pay extra for WiFi . Area recommendations North Michigan Avenue and Lake front areas are best .
It 's so frustrating when a hotel posts a deal prominently on its website , claiming said deal is available on certain dates . But , when you call to make a reservation based on that deal , they tell you it 's not available . There are rooms available , but not the deal . Then they try to condescendingly tell you they can only sell so many rooms at such a deal . I get that . Then just SAY that on the website . `` Here 's a great deal . . . but only a small number of people will actually get it . '' So much for the great reviews about service . . . I could n't even get past the first phone call without being frustrated and annoyed . Bad form , Conrad , bad form .
I got a Sunday night stay for only $ 50 off of Priceline.com , so it would be hard to complain ... but this was truly a great hotel , even if I paid double . The first impression you get when you walk through the sliding doors of the Hyatt Regency Chicago is WOW . The lobby is beautiful with a upscale mall type of look to it with an open area that has a restaurant , plenty of couches , seats etc to people watch and a lake with water fountains . You take the escalator to the concierge/directory/check in area . The hotel let me check in at 12pm ( I had a 3pm check in time ) . I suggest you call ahead like I did so they know you are coming early.The women at the desk was friendly and when I requested a higher level floor she was more than happy to look it up and even told me `` I have a room on the 18th floor with a veiw of the river or you can go higher with no view '' . I thought it was pretty nice to give me that information so that I wouldnt get stuck with a room with a view of a wall . The rooms are big ( I had a doubles room ) The beds were beautiful with great pillows , blankets , headboards etc . An Ipod alarm clock was a nice 21st century touch to the room . Great to plug in your ipod , listen to some music and get ready for a night out or when relaxing after a long day of touring Chicago . The view was very nice and the bathroom was spotless and had great toiletries . Another great feature is the concierge area 's computers that gives you access to printing your boarding pass before you get to the airport . You simply look at the screen , click on your airline icon and following the instructions . I had my boarding passes in about a minute . Came in handy when I got to OHare and was able to skip a long line of frustrated passengers . I was only in the hotel for 1 day , but it was by far one of the better hotel experiences I have had and I travel alot . It is a business hotel , but definitely a great choice for families and couples . Definitely would stay here again when Im passing through Chicago .
Just returned from a one night stay at the Knickerbocker , and I will not return . It came nowhere near being worth the price I paid . Hotel Burnham is twice the hotel at half the price ! The bathroom was unbelieveably small and smelled terribly . We had to call the front desk twice before towels that we requested were delivered ( which frankly may as well have been paper towels , nothing plush about them at all ) . We did n't have enough pillows and when we requested an extra it was never delivered . Room service cart was left outside our door all night . All in all , it was a very disappointing stay . The only redeeming quality of this hotel seems to be its location . And for me , it 's just not worth it .
We attended a Bachorette Party in Chicago in Aug 2005 . There were 10 girls total . We had 5 rooms ... and I did not hear one complaint from anyone during our entire extended weekend . Never been to Chi-town before , I booked our hotel based on reviews from TA . And we were not disappointed . The staff is wonderful , the happy hour was just fabulous . The room was nice and clean , with a great double headed shower and Aveda products was an extra bonus ! Then you also get free internet in your room ! The hotel was chic and hip without the pretentiousness . We still talk about what a wonderful time we had ... and we all agree that if we ever go back to Chicago we will be staying at the Amalfi again . Trust me the pics do n't do it justice !
We stayed at this Hotel in February 2010 . The room was great we had purchased it at a raffel at work for a fund raiser for United Way . So we probably paid more then we needed but it was for charity . We were woke up at 3:00am in the morning by a group of at least 25 young people that were so loud coming off the elevators and down the hall ways they must of woke everyone up on our floor . Of course one of the rooms they rented was right next to ours . They were so loud shouting profanities and banging on the walls that we thought there was maybe a fight going on . We called the front desk who sent security up immediately . Security tried to get the people that were not registered guests to leave . We called down to the front desk two more times to send security back up again since nothing changed this went on for over an hour until it finally quieted down . Because of this we ended up over sleeping in the morning since we were so exhausted . When we complained about it in the morning managemnet would do nothing for us because as they stated we used a gift certificate . Well we still paid for it ! ! . They would not give us one thing free for the trouble that we had . We would never stay at this hotel again , obviously they really do n't care about their guests .
We booked our room at the Swissotel on Hotwire for $ 88 ( unbelievable rate ! ) and were extremely impressed with the Swissotel . The staff was so polite and catered to our every need . The room was oversized , clean , and had a large bathroom . We had a partial view of Lake Michigan , which was an added bonus . On the 42nd floor , they have a spotless workout room and pool with a view of the city and lake from 3 sides . Spectacular ! We sat in the hot tub and looked down on Navy Pier . We ca n't wait to go to the Swissotel again !
Stayed over Memorial Weekend for 2 nites , 2 rooms . Great Hotel , we always love breakfast in morning , and drinks in even when applicable . Around the corner from magnificent Mile , and close to lots of restaurants . Staff was great , we even checked in early before noon , and other room available less than hour later . Fresh fruit was available to us , and bell guys are cool . Suites are on small side compared to other homewoods but no complaints here , house cleaning kept our room clean , and we felt safe !
A friend highly recommended this hotel and we could n't have been happier ! It was wonderful ~ my husband and kids were already planning our next trip there before we had even left the hotel . The kids loved the goldfish in the room and thought the window seats were the best .
Visiting during a busy 2day conference in Chicago . Most hotels booked solid . The full hotel allows you to meet a wide array of customers . Everyone is complaining about service , cleanliness , and overall experience . Location is good . Hotel is tired . Employees surly . Too many cool properties to choose from in this town , will never stay here again and will re-think Hilton in general
I found this wonderful Hotel ! The location is awesome , just minutes away from all the shopping , Restaurants and Bars you could possibly want . I was in town for an interview , so I was really nervous . I ended up suggesting the Hotel Restaurant for my interview and they took such a good care of us , they made me feel so comfortable that I was hardly nervous at all . And the place was pack ! The room was superb ! Really cool design . I had a room they call an apartment , and it was fantastic ! The natural light you get in this room is awesome , and I am very sensitive to dark places . They have a full bar in the room , which I was able to use to entertain my friends that night . I went to the gym for a little bit of exercise and I have to say I have never seen such a extensive facility in a hotel . All the staff made me feel like I was family . They were available to me at any time , and so friendly ! I will definitely be back for another stay .
My stay at the Ambassador East was great ! The hotel is in a great location in the charming Gold Coast neighborhood of downtown Chicago . Gave me the feeling of staying in a Chicago neighborhood vs. the concrete jungle of downtown , but the Magnificent Mile and Rush Street are just a few blocks from the front door . The staff was very friendly . Also , really enjoyed having drinks in the historic Pump Room . They had a live band on Saturday , and I really enjoyed looking at the pictures of the celebrities throughout the lounge that visited from years gone by . Definitely recommend it .
The Allegro in downtown Chicago is a great stay/ part of the Kimpton Group boutique hotels the Allegro offers a classy stay in a beautiful room for a moterate price/ they offer complimentary and decent wine gratis in the late afternoon and the hotel allows you access to everything the loop has to offer in this remarkable city . i would recommend parking outside of the downtown area and taking the 'EL ' into the loop which leaves you about 2 minutes from the hotel/ otherwise you are looking at hefty parking fees for a car you dont need in this part of the city . the rooms are small but beautifully done with great colors , comfortable beds and in my case great views . if you go to kimpton group website and sign up for specials you will be alerted to great rates on certain days / kimpton does a great job and their properties are `` class acts ''
I was attending a conference at the Mariott . They were booked up and I shared a room at the Hard Rock for a week by default . What a lucky break . This is a beautiful hotel . I am not a fan of all that black/grey vibe and find it a little cheesy . What I loved was the way the Hard Rock left the beautiful old hotel features intact , and decorated around the basic stucture . My room was CLEAN , CLEAN , CLEAN . I want to comment on the staff . What an upbeat group of people . This included the doormen , the front desk , the consierge . They were wonderful ! Every morning one of the bell men would find my TV morning news show for me in the bar , while I drank their courtesy coffee . They brought us a refrigerator , IPOD dock , and extra suitcase stand within minutes of check-in . I had a hard time contacting the airport transport . The consierge took care of it for me . While I was waiting for the 4:50 am airport shuttle , one of the bell men found me a cup of coffee in the back . I just could n't get over how nice and friendly everyone was ... .great place to stay . I hope to go back with my husband .
We needed an extra night in Chicago after a gratus stay at The Penninsula and won a SkyAuction bid for The James @ $ 203 . This is one of the nicest hotels that I 've ever stayed in . Bathroom aside , we felt it equalled The Penninsula in comfort and level of service . I echo all of the superlatives previously written and would love to stay here anytime I 'm in town .
I 'd been searching for a cool , non-chain hotel for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend . I thought I 'd found a winner in the Affinia ... SOO disappointed ! ! In spite of the fact that our reservation was for two adults , we arrived to find our room had a DOUBLE bed . What ? ! I was floored , but after a delayed flight and a 2 hour cab ride , was too tired to make a fuss . We were hungry after all the delays and planned on attending an event that night , so we called for room service hoping to keep it simple . I was told that room service would call ME back to take my order ... and nothing happened . I did n't want to be late to our event so we ended up going to the restaurant downstairs . Nothing special ; entree , dessert and NAB for two still came out to $ * ... I am no hayseed , I 'm WELL aware that everything costs more in Chicago , but this just was n't worth it . Our room was by the elevator w/ parking garage view ... the bathroom was tiny , shower curtain was stained , funky toilet seat/lid , and the vanity featured that `` rude awakening '' lighting normally found in low-rent dressing rooms , i.e. , `` Holy crap , have I looked that bad this whole time ? ! '' If you 're a traveler who likes using the in-room coffeemaker , they charge for their chintzy coffees ( I do n't use these , but ... come on ) . Nice enough ambience in the upstairs bar , but weak drinks ... That night , our bed was so tiny and uncomfortable that I almost asked to switch rooms . But the Marathon was that weekend ; the hotel was so busy I did n't want to be a pest . I ca n't believe I was so impressed with this place online . Next time I 'll happily pay more to stay someplace that 's actually a treat .
This is one of my favorite Sheratons/Starwood properties . I have stayed at a lot of hotels ( mostly Starwood ) in Chi but all around , this is my favorite based on cost , amenities and downtown location . I really like it beginning with unloading the taxi because I am greeted by Nick who has been there for years . He gives the best greeting from LA to NY and is always happy ! He obviously loves his job . People at the front desk are always nice and efficient . If you like to workout , Roberta runs their fitness center . Another one who loves their job and serves guests well . Great lake / river view while working out . On this particular trip I was caught in a pinch ; however , Christy the former mgr was able to take care of a frequent guest . I considered it a `` minor miracle '' based on hotel availability . The maids on 29th floor were very friendly and efficient . Another great experience .
We had a king deluxe room for 2 nights . We reserved the room through the hotel website with AAA discount . We paid $ 180/nt . We enjoy boutique hotels , as they have so much more personality and personal service . This hotel was no exception . Every employee we encountered was pleasant and helpful . The room was clean , well decorated , spacious and quiet . We were offered at check-in a room with a view , but warned it was across from the elevator , so we decided to take the quiet , large room with no view . The location of the hotel was perfect for us , we saw Wicked while in Chicago and had no problem walking to the theater . We also walked the Magnificient Mile and found the location perfect ( we like to walk ) . We had drinks at the hotel restaurant both nights which was a pleasurable experience . We ate room service for breakfast each morning , and the food was good and the portions were quite large . We would definitely stay here again .
Used this hotel the first time I was in Chicago . For the prices and for being classified an intercontinental ... I would n't consider it that good . The rooms were solid . The view was ok ( but so is it virtually everywhere else on Michigan Ave. ) The service was ok . The prices were ridiculous for everything from wifi to well everything else . We came here for a Jewish/Hindi wedding . Appetizer was fine . Main entree was a small portion of meat with forgettable everything else . Dessert was inedible . I have been to some other expensive hotels with similar ratings but they had more or just better rooms to an extent that it would be worth it . I personally preferred the Conrad . Better prices and better service .
My 3 nieces and I stayed here for a long weekend , we had a wonderful time . We arrived early around 8:30am and they let us into our room . This was very nice otherwise we would have had to store our luggage and register later Room was very clean as was the bathroom . With 4 women we needed extra towels , they brought them up right away and then we got a call to make sure they were delivered . Room was also quiet , construction going on behind us and we never heard anything . Beds comfy and so were the quilts ... Good location for Michigan Ave. All in all a wonderful stay . Would return .
The Knickerbocker hotel is fantastic ! It 's an old hotel with updated rooms - so you get the old-timey charm and fresh comfort all at once . The hotel has a fabulous location . It 's a one minute walk to the Cheesecake Factory and Bloomingdales , and about a 5 minute walk to Einstein Bagel Company ( the best bagels and cream cheese EVER ) , Macys and Saks . This location ca n't be beat . You 're at one end of the magnificent mile , so it makes for easy strolling , as you do n't start in the middle and then backtrack . The hotel staff are super helpful and friendly . Checking in and out was very smooth , and the concierge ( Cheryl ) was amazing . She booked all our dinner reservations and activities for us , and recommended an incredible restaurant called Carmines which was a 5 minute walk . It was the greatest italian restaurant I have ever been to , and I ca n't recommend it more . The rooms are small but not too small . We had a beautiful big samsung flat screen , cordless phones , a rain shower , ample clean towels , and beautiful marble countertops . The hotel rooms have european charm to them and made me feel like I was at a 5 star hotel in Europe . The beds are very comfortable and the duvet is soft like butter . The only complaint I had was that housekeeping woke us up at 8:30 one morning when the knocked on our door despite the fact that we had the do not disturb sign on . When we answered and asked her to come back later she seemed a bit miffed . The issue was corrected , though , and it did n't happen again during our 4 night stay . The hotel has some unique items on their room service menu - ie - grilled cheese with mini tomato soup for dipping . Very cute . Their late night menu , however , is lacking . It would have been nice to see some soup on there . That being said , I RARELY order from room service when on vacation , so I really do n't see that being a big deal . Overall I would recommend this hotel without hesitation . I think we paid about 130 a night and I would say it was worth far more than that . We had a wonderful experience and I truly look forward to staying there again ... .would n't stay anywhere else !
We paid $ 75 a night through Priceline , which is excellent for June . Our room had a fantastic view of the Hancock Building and the river . The room was large , clean and had a couch , easy chair and desk chair . The bedding was the newer 'non-bedspread ' style , the bed was comfortable , the bathroom was large and , well , we were pleased with the room and the Hyatt in every way . We ate at the lobby restaurant , which is attractively decorated and was bustling with activity when we were there . We only got Cobb Salads , so I do n't know if the food , in general , is good or not . The Cobb was so-so . Our only complaint was the $ 48 fee to park your car over-night and the $ 13 daily fee for the internet . Many places are offering free internet these days and I wish the Hyatt would hop on board with this concept . We hated to leave !
Very pleasant front staff , wine in the evening in the lobby , large rooms , great rates , and free Internet for those that are members of the loyalty program . Overall an excellent value . Close to the El for those coming in from either Midway or O'Hare airports .
I checked into this hotel , Rm 1760 on 11/13/2010 . Next day , I woke up with bed bug bites , numerous , on my arm and back . We reported this to the management who assiged us to rm 1901 and promised to get the room inspected and `` taken care of '' . I insisted that they get all my clothes laundered , which they did . Interestingly , no one from the management , other than the security guy who came when we first complained , even offered any apology for the inconvience . I missed couple of meetings that day . The next day , I called as I forgot something in the previous room , only to discover that the room was already assigned to the next guest . So much for reporting !
I stayed for just one nite at the Sheraton Hotel and Towers and was a little nervous after reading a few negative reviews from other TA posters but I was not let down . I got the room via PL @ $ 70 and was first placed in a room on the 8th floor with a fabulous view of the roof of the lobby and a parking lot . Since I had nothing to lose , I asked to be moved to a `` room with a view '' . The front desk attendant ( Rasheeda ) wanted to make sure that the room I had at first was clean and was in order and I assured her that it was . She then moved me up to the 24th floor with ease and it took about 1 minute . I was quite surprised as I have heard that they treat PL and Hotwire folks with a little less love than full price customers . The new room was very clean and spacious and overlooked the Navy Pier , a few other skyrise condos and the beautiful infinity of Lake Michigan . All this for $ 70 ? Yep ! I skipped room service and walked to the local gourmet market as suggested by others and it was pricey but all food there was delicious ! The room was comfy , had an ample closet and room to breathe as well as a convenient internet connection location . I didnt use it since I wasnt staying that long but at least it was on the desk . The bed and pillows were very comfy , but I awoke at about 330 in the morning sweating from the comfy but VERY WARM and somewhat weighty duvet on the bed . This was a great deal for the price and I would absolutely stay here again .
The room was very spacious with very nice , colorful decorating . The beds felt like lying on a cloud , and there were four pillows on each bed , two fiberfill and two down so you could choose which you like better . The bathroom was very nice also . Overall , I was very pleased with the stay . You had to show your room key to get in after ten p.m . I thought that was a good security issue . It has a great location too , close to downtown . I would recommend it . The decorations were very classy . Most hotels have two of the same framed art , boring bedspreads and lumpy pillows . The Hyatt Regency was just the opposite .
Elegant lobby , comfy beds , nice sheets but , we were given a ( not fancy , a little dated ) room on the 5th floor which had a view of the monstrous venting structure , and was located off the lobby so we heard the elevator all night . At the Hilton , one is charged for Internet access on each device per hour . ( We stayed in the middle of Ohio and received total access for free . ) We did n't drink the $ 6.00 water or try the $ 28 . Breakfast buffet . The staff was friendly , but of course you tip for a smile . They did give us a cot for free as we had asked for a room with a fold-out couch as we were a party of 5 . Did n't use the gym or pool on the 8th floor , but looked nice ( small pool . ) No view of the water possible , though we were right at Grant Park . We tried to view the fireworks from a higher story , no such luck . ... read more
I arrived here at about 8pm after a flight from California . I did n't know about the renovation when I made the reservations , but that did n't bother me very much . I was helped by a man at the front desk named Ben , who was friendly enough , but literally just handed me my room key and told me to have a nice stay . He gave me NO information about anything . I had no idea where breakfast was served , or even if there WAS breakfast . There was also an EXTREMELY unpleasant woman working behind the desk ( she was n't wearing a name tag but was African American , slim with short hair ) who seemed to be actually radiating hostility . It made me very uncomfortable and needless to say , made me feel unwelcome . I actually felt like I was putting her out by staying in the hotel . I encountered her again the next morning when I had to go downstairs to ask a question and again tried to smile at her a bit , and again was met with utter disdain and rudeness . I also watched her interact with another guest and saw her act with the same rudeness and bad manners . No matter what may be going on in one 's life , when you work in customer service you need to leave whatever is happening at the door and put on a smile . I was appalled by her demeanor . My room was alright , there was no clock which I found very odd . Since I came from a different time zone my computer and phone had 2 different times and I was constantly confused as to which one was correct , especially upon waking up in the morning . It would have been nice to have a clock . There was also no literature on local sites , maps , restaurant menus , or even anything with the hotel 's name and address in the room . Also , the mattress was the absolute worst mattress I 've ever slept on in my life . I woke up every morning with a sore back and neck . I 've had better sleep on a hard , lumpy futon . It was absurd . Like another person posted , my tub did not drain either , and I was also shocked that there were no soda machines or ice machines to be found . Maybe they were around somewhere , but I was n't made aware of it at check-in , and I did n't want to go downstairs and ask for fear of being treated like I was a burden to the employees . The hotel is in a good location and the rooms look nice upon first glance , but I absolutely would not stay here again . I 've had more pleasant stays at a cheap chain hotel , which was a bummer because it was my first visit to Chicago and I had pretty high expectations .
I just returned from a stay at this fabulous hotel - what a treat ! The hotel website offers a great rate , and what I found was affordable luxury . I asked for a high floor & found myself with a fabulous view , in a room where there was an orchid spray in the bathroom , terrycloth robes and slippers , turndown service , Roger Gallet toiletries , a fluffy down conforter , and a wonderful pillowtop bed . The bathroom was so clean that it sparkled . The service was impeccable as well . Even my room service breakfast was way above average with an incredibly generous basket of excellent croissants , brioches , & pain au chocolat . The decor was unique & the location convenient . Check out the stunning flowers throughout the lobby . This is a topnotch hotel .
While this is a good location for shopping and sightseeing , I would not recommend this hotel to anyone . The rooms are small and bathrooms are tiny , all of which is to be expected in an old urban hotel , but apparently care has not been given to updating the hotel ( ever ! ) . The crown molding and base boards are cracked and it appears to only have been painted over and over again . The newer tub liner in the bathroom is merely floating above the old tub and when you stand in the shower it bubbles under your feet . The shower tiles are old and the grout is not clean . This hotel has not been restored the updating that has been done are merely band-aides . There is no fan exhaust in the bathroom and the carpet is ontop of a very hard surface , probaly concrete with no pad in between . The lobby is smokey because of the large open bar in the small space . We were in town on business and supposed to stay 4 nights , we left after 2 and went to another hotel .
Stayed here for 4 nights in Apri . From check in the stay was perfect all round , staff were so helpfuly and friendly especially Chris and Scott . The location could n't be better right on Michigan Avenue so easy access to everything . Room was lovely and spacious and always clean and tidy at the end of the day . Will definately recommend it to friends and family .
Thirty years ago , we had a tiny `` room '' and indifferent service . This time , the service was superb and friendly throughout , with special commendation for the waiters and waitresses at the coffee shop , the door and bell persons , and the hilton honors person at the front desk . They even lowered our price ( to moderately high ) when we inquired a few days before our stay . When we want to stay south of the river downtown , we will be back
My experiences at the Fairmont Chicago were less than desirable . I try to be fair when I write my reviews , but fair is not in the Fairmont Chicago language . From pulling up to check in I felt the gouging start . $ 54 a night for parking is terrible for this area $ 30- $ 35 is the average and that is not affordable as it is but $ 54 is just disgusting to put on your guests . The parking was more than my car rental . In the room the internet is not complementary it is $ 16 for standard and $ 25 for some sort of ultra upgraded internet service . Gouge gouge gouge , who charges for internet anymore and even worse upgraded services . I did n't go online every day of my 8 day stay because of the cost . One update on the internet that they do n't tell you upon check in is that if you sign up for the free premiere Fairmont club you will receive free in room internet service , I found that out on the last day of my stay . Other issues with this property is the shower pressure is not very good . The bed was hard and uncomfortable . And I would say there are many other properties that have a better location and price in the city . On a good note the Aria resturant in the Fairmont has a tremendous staff and serves up the best burger and fries I have ever had , loved the complimentary naan and dips to start , and the complimentary orange bark to finish .
Upon first entering the hotel , we were greeted by the most friendly and helpful bellmen I have ever encountered . Through our 2 week stay , they told us to `` have a nice day '' as we left in the AM and welcomed us back upon our return . Breakfast is served in the AM , and the servers were as delightful as the bellmen . It was a very enjoyable stay .
We stayed at the Conrad for only one evening but it was such an amazing room we would have liked to stay longer ! We were on the newly renovated 9th floor and the room was gorgeous and super clean ! There was a flat screen , bose sound system and even an Ihome for our Ipod . Wireless was free and they bring you a free bottle of water at turn down . Everyone was very helpful and so friendly . We ca n't wait to go back again !
In the 100 degree heat of a Chicago summer , it sucks if your air conditioner does not work . After 2 maintenance men attempted to rectify the issue I was offered a portable fan which on low speed sound as if a helicopter was hoovering over my room . I requested a room change and a not so polite , unsympathetic night front desk attendant stated that was not possible because the hotel was at capacity . Maybe a manager could help me in the morning . The next day went by and no call was received . At 7pm , I called the front desk . No one was aware of my problem . Approximately 45 minutes later , a manager returned my call and stated a double room was available . I accepted it was glee . Anything was better than a room that does not cool below 78 degrees in the middle of summer . I was paritally correct . The bathroom door of the new room did not close . Thank god my boyfriend and I are past the shy part of the relationship . As for room 1618 , I believe I was not the first guest to complain about the air conditioner . What 's unfortunate is they continued to place guests into this room . And did not offer any reufunds or perks for my sleepless night in the sauna ! This hotel need a major overhaul ! !
They allowed parties to go on all night and booked us in a room with no running water . We called security twice for them to do nothing about the party . When they finally came up about 30 people filed out of that room only to file right back in after about 10 minutes . When we called back nothing was done about it . My 2 year old son was awaken by all the loud music and cursing . THEN we get up the next morning at 7:30 to get ready only to find that we have no running water . After the maintenance man piddles around with it for a half hour we have no time to shower and have to ride the two hour train ride dirty and tired from no sleep . They did not resolve this issue . They just keep passing my complaint to `` managers '' supposedly . It was the worst stay of my life and my poor two year old had to be there for it
I stayed at the Allegro Hotel while interviewing for a position in Chicago . I read the reviews and they were mixed , but since the property was suggested by the organization ( due to location ) , I booked a room . True to the reviews , the room was extremely small , was cold ( the heater blew in cold air in -2 degree weather ) , and just generally uncomfortable . There was no closet so I hung my suit on the doorknob of the door of the adjoining room . The bathroom was extremely small and although tidy , not especially clean ( it was dusty ) . The bed ( which was supposed to be a queen but was really a full ) was quite low and the sheets were hard . Because I arrived late , I ordered room service . There was so little space in the room that the wait staff had to approach the desk/table sideways . Although there is free wireless ( a plus ) , I kept getting kicked out of the system and had to , no lie , reconnect on-line a record 16 times . Finally , to top it all off , the television stopped working just a little before midnight . I was only there for one evening ( not even 12 hours ) but that was enough for me . This is supposed to be a 4 star boutique hotel but I 've stayed at better 2 star properties . On the positive side , the staff is nice and friendly , the food is reasonably good , and the lobby is really vibrant . There is a martini bar ( although as I was coming in , a hotel guest was complaining about it being unsually smokey ) that looked interesting . Overall though , not the best stay I 've had . I wo n't be staying again .
Here are my experiences : - Had three rooms reserved , when checked in we were charged 2 different rates for the rooms - screwed up initial room assignments , gave us a room that was not even cleaned yet when we checked in - Could not get us new keys to a different room without great difficulty ( we had to go to the front desk because bell staff went to the wrong room to give us new keys ) - In room guide says pool in on the 8th floor and signs say it is on the 7th - could not get to the pool from the 14th floor without going all the way down to the lobby and then had to go to the 7th floor and take the stairs to the 8th - When we checked in we had the front desk staff go over which credit cards were assigned to which room . - When we received our bills , the credit card assignments were still wrong . I stay at `` economy '' hotels a lot and I have not even come close to having this many problems with a hotel until this one . This hotel should do Chicago a service and just close its doors . Due to this experience , I will never stay downtown again to deal with overpriced hotels with poor service and surrounding business that are just as bad .
As others have said , once all the construction works are completed I suspect that the prices this hotel can ( legitimately ) charge will put it out of our price range . Which will be a pity because it is an excellent hotel , & the location could n't be better . The room was very spacious , with separate sitting & study areas & a nice bathroom . Only 3 minor points : downstairs they were serving a free basic breakfast ( coffee & pastries ) , but we only knew of it on our last morning - nobody had mentioned this ; the cost of internet - $ 9.99 - is a bit dear especially when lots of motels now offer it free ; there was only powered milk in the rooms , which was n't that nice . But none of these really spolied a really enjoyable stay .
It is always interesting going to a high quality Hotel . I can not help but think about the service and the value . Maybe I have too high expectations . Certaintly the location is great and the swimming pool is really nice and the room was generally well appointed oh and the bed was great . But , the room was not well cleaned , a little smelly truthfully and they stole a watch that I left in the room . The hotel where immediately worried about there financial situation and not the service . I noticed here others on this site have lost stuff from this hotel . I know that this is always a possibility but really did not expect it at a hotel like this . Overall , Chicago exceeded my expectations but the intercontinental did not . Stay else where .
Nestled just off the beaten path and about two blocks from the river the Fairmont Chicago offers an excellent location to operate as home base for your trip to Chicago . The staff were friendly and helpful , arranging many of the sightseeing events we enjoyed while in the city . There are many attractions withiin easy walking distance ( The Art Institute is a must see and Millenium Park is a fun visit ) . The architectural tour by river departs a dock that is very close to the Fairmont and there are lots of restaurants nearby . The rooms were excellent and the club room is worth the extra expense . We would definitely stay here again .
We stayed here for one night , and found it a hotel that concentrates on conferences rather than your normal guest . We found it hard to get a room in the city for that particular night and so we paid above the odds for this - @ $ 200 for the night . We felt when we checked in that if you were n't with the conference , then why were we staying in the hotel . The guy at the main door did n't even hold it open when you are trying to lug your bags into the lobby , we then had to que for 15-20 minutes just to check in . We were not given any information about the hotel and when I rang down to reception at one stage to find out if there was a business centre in the hotel that I could access the Internet through , I was just short of being asked why did n't I bring my lap-top with me so I could use the Internet access in the room ... . ! ! I found the staff very rude and not helpful at all and would not recommend this hotel for a tourist .
I stayed in this hotel during a business trip , and while conducting a business meeting in the hotel bar , a customer grabbed all of the cash out of my wallet . Security was informed , but I was told that I had to wait to talk to them . After about twenty minutes of waiting I was informed that if I did not continue to wait l would never be able to report the incident , despite the fact that I was a hotel guest . Unfortunately I had to go to a business dinner and could no longer wait . Long story short , I no longer felt comfortable in this hotel and wish that someone , anyone would have talked to me about it . I 've since been on the phone with a manager , who promised to call me back once she researched the incident , and have yet to hear back , despite the promise that she would call me back two days ago . I expected more from this hotel .
They rave about their beds but the beds were average . On surface room seemed clean , however , dropped my pen behind nightstand and discovered at least an inch of dust . It appeared there had been repairs to something where they had to cut away part of the wall . The repair job was covered up with a wallpaper board over the hole but the board did not even completely cover hole . Impossible to have a decent shower or bath . EXTREME water saving devices on both the shower and tub provided basically a trickle of water . I was unable to get the shampoo out of my hair as pressure was so poor . Also be prepared to be nickled and dimed to death . There was even a $ 10 charge if you used the coffeemaker in the room , really ! For room service they tack on a delivery charge and a 20 % gratuity . Since the waiter does not stay to serve you how is he earning a gratuity . I have already been charged for him to deliver the food . The parking fees were outrageous at $ 51 a night but to add insult they charge a hotel patron the same fees as the general public . Upon packing to leave we realized that the dvd set my son had brought was missing . I reported the theft to the hotel . Had to file a report with security who promised me they would investigate and get back to me within 2 days . It has now been over two weeks . No follow up , no apology even given . We will never stay at this hotel again . We have been to Chicago many times and this is the worst hotel we have ever stayed at .
My wife and I just spent 3 nights at The Talbott . The room was spacious , comfortable and well-appointed . The hotel is quiet although there is some construction nearby . Linens and towels first-class . Free Wi-Fi in the room . The location is terrific , just one block to Michigan Avenue . We will stay here on future visits .
We always stay at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers when we take our kids to the city . You ca n't beat the location which is in walking distance of Navy Pier and Michigan Ave . The hotel is also just a couple of blocks from the fabulous Fox & Obel , a high end grocery store with many prepared items available to go and a great cafe that serves a stellar breakfast . The hotel staff are professional and courteous and the rooms are more than adequate with very comfy beds . My kids enjoy the pool with it 's windows that overlook the Chicago river .
Stayed at the Chicago Hilton for three nights and from the minute we walked through the door I was very impressed . Check-in was quick , easy and I was very glad that we were able to check in despite being earlier than the advertised check-in time . We were given a twin room with two bathrooms which was brilliant . It made getting ready to go out much quicker ! The hotel location is great opposite the park , which is a must see . Although located on South Michigan Ave it is easily within walking distance of all the shops and sights of the whole of Michigan Ave. Would also recommend the street one block back from Michigan Ave for good shopping . For breakfast I would recommend grabbing a muffin , croissant or bagel from the bar just past reception rather than going for the more expensive breakfast in the restaurant . For evening entertainment Kitty O'Sheas is a must . Typical Irish bar with good drinks and live music . Finally the bed at Hilton Chicago is the most comfortable bed ever . I would have taken it home if I could ! Definately made for a good nights sleep .
Great building and location , but ... staff is indifferent , you have to pay for WiFi ( after $ 300 usd/night I would expect at least free WiFi ) , no pool in the building and something I found really annoying is that , if you move anything from the minibar , they have sensors that automatically charge you . This is ridicoulus.The iPod dock in the room did n't work . Also , we had to move thenightstand between beds and found dirt all over . Definitely is not value for your money . You 're just paying for the Hard Rock brand . I will never go back to a Hard Rock Hotel .
My wife and I decided to spend three days in Chicago last summer , and booked via Expedia . When we first walked into the lobby we almost fell over at its ' beauty . It 's like something out of Europe . We were able to get a free room upgrade , even though the rooms are still a bit small , but its ' an old hotel in an old city . It 's there for sleeping and showering . The restaurants , lounges , and shops were all wonderfull . The next time we travel to Chicago , I 'll be affraid to stay anywhere other than the Palmer House Hilton
We loved our stay at the Talbott . We were in Chicago to attend the theater show Dirty Dancing . We booked our room through Orbitz and received a nice discount . When we arrived at the hotel everyone from the doorman to the front desk to the maids were highly professional and courtesy . We were upgraded to a King bed suite . The suite was well decorated and spacious . My wife particularily enjoyed the heat that could be directed at the marble floor in the bathroom . We loved the hotel and will definitely stay at the Talbott on our next trip to Chicago . Highly recommended .
In a very nice location close to shopping and places to eat and also in a beautiful neighborhood . A small hotel with a pleasant place to sit in the lobby , the Pump Room is a classic place to have a drink . We did not have dinner there so I can not comment but we enjoyed people watching while we had an afternoon drink looking out the window at the people in the neighborhood . It is a short walk to very good shopping and eating .
I was expecting an experience comparable to my stays at the Olympia in Seattle . The decor and overall feel of the hotel was much above average but not inspiring . Biggest disappointment was the inadequate internet connection in the room . The wireless was very slow and the hard-wire from the wall did not work at all . I did request a replacement of the wall wire , but it did no help . This hotel can do better than this . With a 5 star rating , it should be an experience to be pleasantly remembered -- but , was just a mediocre experience for me . Even the bed covers were not that special . Needs more intense management . Next time , I will try the Trump facility Thanks
Any traveler who is loyal to a favorite hotel has experienced this sad truth : eventually the lodging deteriorates . But you do not expect the price to double and triple at the same time ! I have been staying at the Talbott for several decades . Yes , changes have been made , like the updated heating and cooling systems and the front entrance , most recently . But other things have gone downhill . For the last several stays I have experienced very dirty carpets and slow service . Rates have skyrocketed and now they are asking for 3 night minimum stays on many occasions . This is the kind of rate structure one might expect from the 5 star hotels within spitting distance of The Talbott , but not this less-than-maintained lodging . I , personally , am shopping for a new home away from home .
Staying at this hotel was one of the high points of a last minute , budget Valentines weekend trip for my husband and me . We got a great rate -- $ 70 -- on Priceline . Close to the subway ( red line ) and we got from O'Hare to the hotel in less than an hour for $ 3.50 for both of us . We were able to check in more than 4 hours early . Room was great -- very clean , good closet space and fantastic bedding . Had one expensive drink at the Irish bar , but the bartender 's advice on restaurants and clubs to check out made it worth the price . Concierge was helpful , too . Overall , service was terrific , room was great and staying there was a treat . I would stay there again any time , especially at that price .
Stayed here on business a few nights and really liked it . Very attractive , classy and comfortable hotel that 's got an element of sexy and sharp . Public spaces are very nice , with an open area bar in the front lobby and nice sitting areas . Rooms are lovely as well , with handsome fixtures and furniture , a terrific desk work space and comfortable bed . Bathroom amenities and fixtures are sleek and attractive as well . Best of all , the hotel has breathtaking views of the city and the water - both the river and the lake . If you 're working in the area , it 's the best choice for that part of town , and I prefer it to the nearby Hyatt and Monaco .
My fiance and I traveled to Chicago for the first time this December and we were not happy with this hotel . The friendliest people on the staff were the bell boys . They greeted us with a smile and gave us lots of great advice throughout our stay . The rest of the staff however was terrible . When we first checked in , I was instantly discouraged . The front desk person was not in a good mood and I could n't wait to leave the lobby . Having not traveled here before we were looking for exciting places to eat and to go sightseeing . We asked multiple staff members at the front desk of places to go and see and never got any good recommendations . We felt as if we were an inconvenience to the staff . At one point , the front desk person was on the phone while we were waiting to talk to her , as she was on the phone a family of four came up behind us waiting to talk to her as well . Even though she saw us standing there , after she finished with the phone call she ignored us and helped the family first . Yes , we are in our mid 20 's , but we are still paying guests and there is no reason to be treated like we are invisible . For how much money we paid for each night , I would have rather stayed somewhere else . We decided to go with this hotel because of the location and the great reviews , but we did not experience any of this during our stay . The rooms were alright , but nothing special . I would not stay in this hotel again .
This hotel is a shambles-furniture literally falling apart and a staff that is both rude and uninformed , nevermind the lack of security and the absence of the so-called amenities . The `` fitness center '' is an oversized closet ! We were appalled during our stay ! Truly anticipated `` warm , Irish hospitality '' and short of a barman , no one was Irish , warm or hospitable ! Manager was unresponsive to our needs and front desk attendent was incredibly rude when we made a simple request . Her manager ( ? ) refused to come out of the office when she called to ask them to speak with us . Room was pretty at first glance but when dresser drawers fell out and the major construction of the hospital next door began at 7:30am it is not the kind of experience anyone could tolerate . To call this a Red Roof Inn would be an insult to RRI ! The manager that finally called us back was soooo fake and insincere that we would have prefered no call at all . The only thing they have going for them is the location but its not worth the trade-off .
This is an older hotel , and the age shows . Rooms are small , and a bit drab . Bathroom in my room was in urgent need of upgrade . Bed was comfortable , though , and the room was quiet , Hotel staff was polite , but not really interested in the guest . Even the concierge was disinterested . Check-in was irritatingly slow for the few number of people in line . Really , a hotel tjhat promises so much in its promotional material should deliver better . The hotel really didnt seem to be trying .
The thing that makes this such an enjoyable place to stay is the staff who were all excellent and polite and the service was impeccable . The room was very clean , the beds were comfortable but it was a little small and the water in the bathroom was not very hot . Other than that it was a great place to stay .
My friend book this hotel for us for a girls weekend in Chicago . Lets just say we were thankful we did n't have to spend much time in the room . The carpet was so stained it looked like it was suppose to be that way . The furniture was worn and outdated . The place was gross and just was n't worth the money we spent on it . The only redeeming quality was the door man , we was very nice and helpful .
everything that i read from other reviews was pretty much on the money , they have excellent customer service , the employees there really cared about their guests , there was always coffee , tea , hot chocolate in the lobby , good hot breakfast and dinner with wine and beer , the doormen were nice and willing to help out for directions , the room did the job , there was a kitchen , 2 flat screen tv 's , and a pullout couch included , it was close to the `` eL '' , but for us we found the buses to be more useful . I would recommend getting a pass , we got a 3 day pass and it was well worth it for $ 14 which we got at jewel osco , not too far from the hotel , for the most part the majority of the people that were there were older people on a business trip and families , but us three girls did n't mind , so i would definitely recommend this place , it was one of the cheapest places were found out of all the other hotels .
Awesome hotel , our room overlooked Michigan Ave and we could see the river . Very stylish , trendy room and hotel . Lacked a bit in amenities ( pool , etc ) but more than made up for it with the location and quality of the hotel . Booked it thought Hotwire for $ 99 which was awesome value .
At the last minute , my son and I decided to take a quick trip to Chicago to see the Cubs . After checking Priceline I decided to book the Omni because of the great price for airfare and hotel . We arrived at the hotel around noon and our room was ready ( I had called ahead and requested early arrival ) .The front desk treated us like we were there best customers-very friendly and accomodating . The room was wonderful with all the modern conviences you would expect in an upscale hotel . The room was spotless and the bed was VERY comfortable . There was not one sign of bed bugs as mentioned in a previous review-maybe those bed bugs were from their luggage and were transferred into their room ! ! ! We then went to the hotel restaurant and had lunch . Our service was great as was the food . We also tried several restaurants around the Omni-all within walking distance . The service , cleanliness and location of the Omni were incredible . We will definitely go back .
I have never experienced terrible service like this especially at such a highly rated hotel . I had booked the hotel room for my parents for their anniversary weekend and stopped by earlier in the week to have the charge for the room put on my card as a gift . When my parents arrived , they were told that the front desk staff was new and did not complete the charge correctly . My parents then had to charge their own anniversary trip . Additionally , my father had requested a non-smoking room to stay in and was reassured 3 times that his room was non-smoking . When my parents got to the room it reeked of smoke and there was an ashtray and matches on the desk tabletop . When my father caled down to the front desk to ask about this the guy at the front desk asked if my dad wanted him to come up and remove the ashtray and matches - something that would clearly not resolve the fact that they were put in a smoking room after being reassured 3 times that the room was non-smoking . NEVER AGAIN .
We stayed in the Amalfi in July 2010 , 4th of July weekend . I was very apprehensive about leaving my Diesel Ford Excursion with the valet at Amalfi . It has a few modifications to the engine and can be damaged if not operated correctly . I explained the procedure to the valet drivers , and felt like it was a complete waste of time . When the vehicle was returned to me the valet driver did not let it idle down and cool the turbo off as I had instructed . When I tried to start it , it was n't happy , but did finally start . I was so relieved to get it back I just wanted to leave . Driving away I noticed that the top speed recorded on the GPS was 105mph ! ! ! ( previous top speed was 95mph , done a few days earlier driving across South Dakota ) . I could just picture the flying Ferrari scene in Ferris Bueller 's Day Off . I could n't imagine where in the crowded Chicago traffic they found a place to go that fast , though it would n't take long to make that happen ( see reference to modified engine above ) . A little while later we stopped for lunch and I noticed a dent in the front bumper . I contacted the hotel and was referred to their claims people . No remedy . Lesson learned . Brett
This hotel was not worth it . From the moment we walked into the hotel lobby through check out , the staff were rude and contemptuous . Rooms were only serviceable , and certainly did not live up to the pompous self-descriptions on the website . The bathroom porthole and sliding door were odd and inconvenient . The 'fitness centre ' was tiny and poor . We would not come here again .
Just wanted to let everyone know if you are looking for a hotel with high rise construction next door the Swissotel Chicago is the one for you . My wife and I went there last year and there was just an empty lot next door , this year there is a loud construction site next door . So 8 am Saturday morning you will hear the workers starting . I am sure once the summer in Chicago comes around they will work all night . Just think as they keep adding floors you will be able to look the workers in the eye and wave from your room that used to have a view of the Navy Pier . Now you will get an up close and personal view of people pouring concrete . On top of it the hotel is doing construction of there own . The front of the hotel is block and lucky for us the protestors that are standing in front of the hotel were able to tell use where the new entrance was . The protestors were there because the Swissotel hired a company to redo their sound system that does not hire union workers . If you ask the workers about the noise and they say we ca n't hear it . I am sure the Swissotel does not want word getting out about this . If you insist on trying it for yourself do n't pay for your room in advance they will not let you out of the room and then you are stuck .
I stayed here for 2 nights in May 2008 . I have to say the hotel was exceptionally clean and very modern and funky . They had a free wine tasting each evening ! The restaurant served very good breakfasts and the staff were lovely and helpful throughout the stay . The hotel is located within walking distance to the metro system and also close to shopping / restaurants and sights ! Rooms were lovely , althou the bathroom was slightly on the compact side . Will be back .
My Husband and I did not enjoy stay at Hotel Allegro ! The room was so small . The bathroom was ridiculously stupid , everytime you use the sink you would splash water on yourself . Truly one person at time in the bathroom , it was like being in an airplane 's bathroom . The walls are so thin , we heard the people across hall having sex . The some staff were really rude . I did not appreciate it when we had a sign on the door saying do not disturb the day of our check out . Check out time is 11am or 12 and we got a know on the door at 8AM with the sign stating `` do not disturb. `` The hotel did not have any microwaves in their rooms , no mini fridge , and no coffee maker either . NO DRAWERS to put your clothes in and the closet was very very very tiny . We were there for four days and three nights , so we had three suit cases full of clothes and no places to store them at . I also hated the fact that we had to pay almost fifty to park our car . My Husand and I will never stay at Hotel Allegro again ! ! !
My wife and I stayed at the Amalfi on a trip to visit our son and some friends from Norway who were vacationing in the City . We were excited about staying at the Amalfi after reading the reviews here , but really disappointed in the accommodations . The web site has a photo of the 18 story building that houses the hotel . It does n't state that the hotel only occupies the first 6 floors of the building . The rest are offices . Our room was on the 4th floor with a view of a blank brick wall about 16 feet distant . The room itself was unremarkable , with standard furnishings equivalent to a Holiday Inn . Although it is close to the best part of the City , it is tucked behind the new Trump Tower and opens on a surprisingly sketchy stretch of road/sidewalk . Our Norwegian friends , by contrast , stayed on the 33rd floor of Swissotel and had views of the Lake and Navy Pier .
Mostly great with a few islands of relatively minor problems . First the good : Outside of the hotel and lobby were decorated like a winter wonderland , as befitted the season . The restaurant service was absolutely flawless ( servers who do n't write orders because they are expected to remember them , remember clients clearly from one day to the other , and go above and beyond consistently ) . Rooms are comfortable : yes the beds are great ! The gym is well equipped . Second the slightly off putting : mmmhh ... we got the `` I love chocolate package '' which advertized : bfast every day , dinner once , snack once and ... a gift . And we have an A-Club favorite guest membership , which also advertized `` a gift '' . So , no gift ... either for the chocolate package or the favorite guest membership . Upon enquiry , `` the snack was the gift '' . Not at all what the package suggested . That said , bfast was sublime and the chocolate dinner outstanding as well . Some problems at checkout though : we got charged for all dining despite having booked the package and it took quite a while for a polite but seemingly less than informed front desk staff to correct the problem . Would absolutely go back , but probably not on a special package .
We choose to stay at the hotel due to the high rooftop ratings at the hotel . Not only is the rooftop terrace on the 5th floor , but it was occuppied with private corporate events for the entire duration of our stay . We did - as recommended - have a drink indoors only to be highly insulted by their bartender there . There is no breakfast buffet - you order a la carte . Keep that in mind when paying extra for breakfast and internet . Also note that the minibar is empty on arrival - we were only told on departure that we would have needed to call reception to order . We have stayed at the Omni before and it as a much better experience . I dont recommend spending so much for a mediocre hotel .
My family booked five nitghts at the Omni Chicago for our upcoming spring break . We took advantage of a pre-paid , non-cancellable offer . We subsequently received a `` Bed & Breakfast '' offer via email and immediately called the hotel to inquire whether we could switch our reservation ( same dates , different offer ) . We called the 800 ' number and the customer services representative was so obnoxiously condescending and ignorant , we simply hung up . We had been looking forward to our vacation , but now I am not sure I made the right choice with this hotel . I should have paid closer attention to the reviews - the Ritz , the Four Seasons , and the Peninsula would have never treated us this way . I will post again after our stay on April 17th .
I selected the Talbott after 3 hrs comparing hotels online . We have had wonderful experiences with boutiques ( Monaco , Allegro ) and assumed this would be comparable . Good points : the lobby is beautiful , and one staff member took roses I bought for my wife and arranged them nicely . The many problems : When my wife called with a question on our arrival day , the agent could find no reservation -- 15 mins later she was transferred to another person who found the record instantly . When we arrived , the lobby was stuffed with students ; nobody tried to manage the group , several of whom pushed ahead to the check-in desk . We left our bags and went out for 2 hrs so we could check in with less hassle . We finally were checked in , after waiting 15 mins while the confused desk clerk searched for rooms . When we got there , our room had not been made up from the last guest . When we complained , we were given an `` upgrade '' to a room that was old and uninspired . Chairs are scuffed , closet shelves are bowed , the air conditioner is noisy , and a wall lamp is loose . The view is of a construction site . Movies-on-demand are dated . We expect this from a budget hotel , not one positioning itself as elegant and upscale . When we returned after an evening out , the card reader to open the main doors did not work . One staff member admonished us ( really ) for not using the reader , when in fact we had tried . This was embarrassing , as others were standing in the lobby . I tried to access the hotel 's wifi network , but was only given a $ 9.95 upgrade option . I called the desk , and was told to `` click past it '' , which of course did nothing . It was n't until 2 hrs later the complimentary access worked . We are pretty easygoing ; we love good treatment and tip handsomely . If we had only 1or 2 problems , we would n't write . In fact , we would not have written except the hotel did not make things right . The president wrote a letter , and suggested others at the hotel would be in touch ... nobody ever was .
Over all , my trip was great ; I got to spend time with my best friend . We did some shopping and site seeing . Trip was overall great . The only thing was our hotel stay was not up to speed with other luxury hotels I have stayed at . Some of the walls had wall paper missing , most of the faucets leaked , there was water stains on the ceiling in the bathrooms , some of the furniture had very visible stains , the fire alarm was coming off the wall in the main bedroom . we stayed in the corner suite on the 37 floor room 3711 . Considering what ones pays for the room you would think the pool would be free and they would not charge for every single small amenity . I do not plan on staying there again . Apart from the trip was great ! [ ]
Stayed here as a treat to myself while in Chicago recently for a concert . I totally LOVED IT here ! ! When you called either the Front Desk or Room Service , the phone was answered with `` Hallo Mrs ( Name ) '' which was a great personal touch . Vanessa at the front desk , went out her way to help me - storing some things in a safe for me before I could book into my room . My room was wonderful - the bathroom was luxurious . I was on the 30th floor and the views were superb . We ordered room service and it came quickly and the guy was so friendly and nice . The doormen were great too and I wore jeans and a tshirt one day and they still opened the door for me , so no snobbery there . Comfortable , cozy bathrobes were available in the bathroom , the lights went on in the wardrobe ( never seen that before ! ! ) , tv was HD ready and flat screen . The bed was like sleeping on a cloud - best sleep for a while . Would I stay here again ? ? Oh yeah ! ! No problem - just need to save up first ! !
Upon check in - the lobby was BUSY ! I was tired and not feeling well from a tough road show . The Front Desk person I checked in with was so fast and so nice that I walked away from the desk smiling ... that alone was such a great feeling . Every time I had any experience with a hotel staff member , I was so pleased ! I have to say - service really is everything to me and I have to give this top marks for that . An added bonus was the location ... I just think it is perfect for me . On top of that , I had a meeting down in the loop , but not quite sure how to get there - a person approached me in the lobby , asked if he could help me get to my meeting . I thought he was getting me a taxi - but no - he walked me to his SUV and drove me to the meeting , `` just a free service from the hotel '' he stated as we drove ... really ! ! ! ! so cool ! I have n't even talked about the Pump Room yet - great dinner , very professional service , and no attitude . I will return - just up date the rooms a little bit , thats all ... the curtains need some help .
My in-laws booked a one night stay for New Years Eve for the two of us to stay at the James . To be brief there were a few things wrong with our stay which will prevent us from returning and advising our friends not to stay there . 1 ) Shoddy construction of room fixtures : ceiling light was missing leaving a fist-sized hole with wires exposed , BOTH towel racks fell off the wall without being touched , and bathroom door often came off it 's sliding mechanism with gentle use . 2 ) When we reported these problems , employees simply put the towel racks back on the wall without properly adhering them to the wall . 3 ) Upon check-out , they did not have record of my in-laws paying for our stay , though it was noted on our reservation that they had made it for us . We had to pay for our ( $ 300 ) gift and the in-laws were extremely upset . When we wrote a letter to management ( as a manager was not available to speak with us when we left ) we did not receive an adequate apology .
I booked this via Priceline , and was not sure I 'd like it , as some Sheratons have fallen off the cliff . This hotel absolutely surpassed my expectations . Despite booking with Priceline , I was treated like a king . They let me check in early , gave me a beautiful room , and even went so far as to look up my Starwood number so I could get some credit for the stay . The staff was unfailingly pleasant , the property immaculate , and the room very comfortable . I highly recommend this hotel .
This hotel is trading on the Hilton name and although adequate the decor is dated and depressing . Although classed as a three star the prices do not reflect this . It was more expensive than other four star hotels in the neighbourhood , The breakfast is poor quality and the room very crowded . All in all the worst hotel we stayed at in a 14 day tour of Canada and the USA . Would not stay there again .
I have n't stayed all that much with Hyatt and I 'm not sure if I will be going back anytime soon . The staff was very professional and helpful . Our room was close to being 4 stars ; however , fell a little short . It really is time for a remodel of the bathroom . The toilet was of an older and flawed design where you had to close the lid to flush . I 'm not a germ freak or anything ; however , I really do n't want to have to constantly have to touch anything on a toilet if I do n't have to . The hotel was fully booked with a teen convention ( FCCLA ) and unfortunately for anyone else we all suffered for it . The noise at night from every direction . The only way to describe it was as if every room around us was having a slumber party . Coming back from dinner one night it took twenty minutes for us to get to our room due to the traffic . With little to no supervision the kids would cut in line to get on the elevators or they would jump floors not to mention having teens going floor to floor to visit with one another , absolutely ridiculous . The lobby of the Hyatt at night was a complete Zoo . During our second night I finally had enough and called to complain only to be told the Hotel was fully aware of the situation and that there really was n't anything they could do . ... read more
Very Very noisy - Constant water running through pipes . It was terrible ! ! There are much better hotels to stay at in Chicago . Thier parking rate is obnoxious ( $ 42.00 a night ) and way too far out to walk to much . If you must stay here , try to park for free on dead end street ( feed meter on weekdays ) and take the stairs down to the next street level and you will find a Jewel grocery store for sodas/snacks . ( A can of soda at the hotel was $ 4.50 plus 18 % restocking fee ! ! )
Generally speaking , nothing bad about that place if there would not be the cleaning issue . We checked the closed with the mini bar ( picture uploaded ) , so much dust , nobody cleaned here for at least 3 years . We called in housekeeping , giving them the opportunity to check and do something about it . Still the same situation when returning to the room 4 hrs . later . Next day moved to a renovated room , much better but not 5 star clean at all . In addition , there was never a time when there was no waiting line at the reception , no wonder when just 1/3 of the counters is actually open . Please do something about these issues its ruining everything !
I booked a hotel room for 4 nights at this hotel through an online vendor . After booking the hotel room I contacted the hotel to request a room with 2 beds . I was told in 3 different conversations with hotel personnel that I would have a room with 2 double beds . When I arrived I was given a King sized bed and was told that there was nothing the hotel could do for myself and my 3 guests . Apparently the hotel management saw no problem with 4 people sleeping in 1 bed . The staff was completely unaccomodating . To add insult to injury we met other guests that had obtained a room with 2 beds by just walking in off the street the day after we checked in . I would not recommend this hotel to anyone . The customer service is well below what is acceptable . The location of the hotel is great but there are many other hotels that offer excellent service and high quality rooms to stay in while visiting Chicago . Bottom line is do NOT stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker ! ! !
went to chicago for a week in may , decided to be good to ourselves and stay in the hilton , we were not disapointed . perhaps it was becuse there were quite a few conventions going on and a lot of people were only staying 1 or 2 nights but we got upgraged to exceutive level . we had 2 double beds with a bathroom each . they beds and pillows were too die for , so so comfy ant the end of a day when we seemed to have walked for miles . all the staff were very helpful . a lot of guests seemed to ignore the staff especially the chamber maids who they seemed to think they were in their way so perhaps that why some people felt these people were rude or unhelpful . about 2 blocks away on Harrison is a cafe called `` Orange '' which you have to make the only place you will have breakfast , the cafe and the staff are suberb . expect a 15 min wait on a sat & sun morning .
I live in Chicago and have frequent occasion to recommend hotels to friends and business acquaintances . We recently put up a candidate ( and his family ) we were recruiting for our company at the Conrad . We had had good luck with this hotel when it was a Le Meridien . It was a disappointment for all concerned as a Conrad . On the plus side , our guests were able to check in early with no problem and they generally liked their room . On the downside ... They learned after the fact that all rooms with two beds have no bath tub ( only a shower ) . Our guests moved to a room with a bath tub and found hairs in it , which they had to clean themselves . When the coffee bar had no caffeinated coffee and our guests asked for some , they were told it would be delivered immediately . When they called 30 minutes later the front desk admitted that they had `` forgotten . '' While the concierge and doorman were quite helpful , our guests told us that the front desk personnel were sullen and unresponsive . Our guests were generally under whelmed by one of the `` five best hotels in Chicago . '' Conrad has a long way to go to compete with the Four Seasons , Peninsula and Park Hyatt .
We went to Chicago for my 2nd wedding anniversary and stayed at Homewood . My first impression was great , very helpful valet employees and VERY nice . That is one perk of my stay here . Otherwise , we had no problems checking in other than the hotel has 19 floors and when we booked the room we asked that we have the highest room avalible due to the fact that it was my husband first time there and the higher up , the more beautiful the view is . So we got the 9th floor . Not what I call `` high up '' when the rooms started on floor 6 . Then the following morning , we went to breakfast of which was ok , nothing great . My husband and I went down in jeans and a sweatshirt but had not really thought about shoes as we thought it would just be a few bagles , some fruit , and that was it . So , we got our food and sat down . After getting stared at for the first 15-20 minutes , an employee came and told us that we wernt allowed to eat breakfast without our shoes on . Remind you , it was about 15-20 minutes after we had even entered the room . So she asked that we go get shoes while sitting down and eating our breakfast . Pretty pointless AFTER we already had gotten our food . I am sure it is because very few employees could speak understandable english that it took so long . Last but not least , dont come with a clean car . I had washed my car one day prior to arriving there and when it was returned , it was filthy dirty .
Stayed here in November 2011 on a leisure trip to Chicago . Hotel is very dated , with some rooms that just are n't good enough . Front desk staff was rude . Will not be staying here again - prefer the Swissotel and the Hyatt properties ( Regency is similarly priced , and Park Hyatt is 3x more ) and a list of boutique hotels in the area as well ( Kimpton , etc ) . Pros : -The only hotel that opens onto Michigan Avenue , very close to all of the excitement -Eno Wine Bar has a great selection of cheeses -Rooms are clean Cons : -Some hotel rooms just make no sense - our first room was tiny and had a window overlooking a ledge ( effectively no view ) , and our second room had two windows that looked out onto a brick wall ( actually no view ) -You have to pay for everything - internet , gym , and the pool ( which was not available due to renovation ... ) -Entire hotel was very old , not in a classical sense but in a ghost story one -Front desk staff was rude
Stayed here for 3 nights for a Bridgestone/Firestone convention . No complaints . Room was great with a beautiful view . Staff was very accommodating . Had drinks and appetizers in main bar . Fantastic ! Great location . Yes it 's a huge hotel as it 's used for conventions but that did n't stop it from being a great place .
Just returned from a week in Chicago with the family . This hotel was perfect for us . Location is great , kids loved the pool as a place to wind down after a day of museums , touring , ball games , etc . We checked in through Hilton Honors Desk as opposed to the regular check in line . Even though our reservations were through priceline at a reduced rate , they gave us a pick of the the rooms . The room had a large closet which helped with the amount of gear we had with us . Used valet parking which was hasselfree . We had a great experience and would stay there again .
While the James was once considered an elegant , chic establishment , it has lost its luster . The small rooms are filled with cheap Ikea type furnishings , Our tiny bathroom flooded with water that escaped the shower curtain . Showers and flushings from neighboring rooms sounded more like protective levies collapsing . The 2 small elevators could not handle the guests , and many of us were forced to walk down several flights of stairs rather then wait for extended periods of time . The thin windows could not contain street noise and sidewalk conversations were heard throughout the night . It was rather provocative to listen to the couple next door carousing , but also rather tacky & unsettling . It took more then 30 minutes for the valet to bring our car after we checked out . This hotel has lost it and the James sysndicate will have a difficult time competing in New York 's Soho when they try to open in September . New Yorkers will not tolerate shabby incompetence .
I have been meaning to write a review of the Omni but was n't sure if people would believe it as most of the reviews are quite high . We stayed here for 5 nights . The room was fine when I walked in . But about five minutes or so I was all congested . Thought it might have been from the flight . I then noticed there was dust everywhere . The TV , the Minibar , and worst of all the air vent . It was literally hanging off the vent . I called down to front desk they said they would send housekeeping up . After 30 minutes of waiting and noticing other things . A bathroom door that would n't close , broken light fixtures , a toe or fingernail on the bed . broken bathroom fixtures . This place was a dump . Hopefully the pictures will show some of it . I could go on and on . Almost 90 minutes later the hotel manager came up to look at the room , Both he and head of housekeeping were `` shocked '' at the room . We were moved to another room , not as large as this one was because the hotel was completely booked , or so I was told . I stayed at the Omni once prior and have to say was very impressed . But this will be the last time . Sad to say . The hotel did cut the rate of our 5 day stay , but does n't explain how a hotel of this caliber let a room like this pass any inspection .
I travelled to Chicago last week with my daughter for some Christmas shopping . We booked the Conrad based on the reviews on Tripadvisor . It lived up to all expectations . Great big room , with two king size beds . Very comfortable . Breakfast was great , loads of choice and plenty on the plate . Great location , connected to a shopping mall which was very useful the day it snowed . All and all , a great hotel and we would go back in the morning . Chicago is a great city with very friendly people .
Our stay at the Ambassador East Hotel was extremely relaxing and pleasant . We enjoyed the location . We could easily walk to the Red line or access the bus lines along Michigan Avenue . We felt safe walking along the neighborhood streets and viewing the fabulous architecture that is on N. State Street and Dearborn . We walked to 3rd Coast Cafe , the Chicago History Museum , and Second City from our hotel . Our room was spacious and well-kept , and it was quiet enough for us to take a nap during the afternoon before heading out again in the evening . We would choose to stay there again even if we could afford more expensive locations downtown . We definitely enjoyed the neighborhood feel of the place .
I had my wedding ceremony and reception at the Sofitel . It seems as though I had the same experience as `` Judy L. '' I read her review and thought `` that 's exactly what happened to me ! '' Here 's what happened : The good news : The actual event was great . Most notably , the food was absolutely incredible ; I think almost every one of our guests has raved to us about the food . The same goes for the cake , which was made by Take the Cake . The service by the waiters and other staff was also very good . The bad news : Michelle , the Director of Catering , honestly made my wedding planning process a nightmare . While we were negotiating the contract , she promptly responded to my emails and phone calls ; after the contract was signed , it was a constant struggle to get in touch with her to get my questions answered , to schedule the tasting , etc . She frequently took over a week to respond to a simple email , and she occasionally never returned my email or phone call until I called her a second or third time . I assumed things would get better within the month -- or even the week -- prior to my wedding , but they actually got even worse . Michelle just could not get it together , and if it were n't for my wedding coordinator 's assistance in forcing her to finally get things right , I do n't know what would have happened . Thus , if it were n't for Michelle 's inability to do her job , I would have had a great experience . But , as it is , when I think back about my experience with the Sofitel , I unfortunately have very negative thoughts . And that 's incredibly disappointing , considering it was a major part of the best night of my life .
The service was reasonably well ... they seemed to have my reservation and checked me in fairly easily . The location was fine being that it was central to the city but I found out that it was also a tremendous drawback . It was interesting that the survey I took at the hotel in order to obtain internet access at the hotel asked what my most important quality was in a hotel visit and my response `` Quiet '' . My visit was anything but , mainly attributed to the fact that they put me on the second floor , facing the street . I awoke at 4 a.m. and never did return to sleep because of the constant street noise and screeching of the L train that sounded as though it was just outside my window . Not the most conducive for a restful sleep prior to an important meeting . At check-out when I informed the hotel clerk of my dissatisfation he chuckled and said , `` Ah , city noise . ''
I just left the Conrad Chicago and have nothing but good things to say . We used Hilton points to stay there but paid $ 35/night to upgrade to a junior suite . We were in room 1519 . I would reccomend people ask for an odd numbered room so that they will have a view looking north on Michigan Ave. Our room was very modern with 2 large HD/flat panel tv and Bose 3 speaker sound system . 4 big windows that actually open . The bed lineds were very nice , the towels were OK . The room was clean and the bath room had a seperate shower and tub . Marble everywhere . Robes , slippers , etc . The work out room was good with different machines and some free weights . There are clean towels in the workout room too . We never ate in the hotel so I ca n't comment on the food or the prices . There is a Starbucks across the street ( Michigan ) and an Espresso bar attached to the Nordstrom that is on the ground floor of the hotel . It was very nice to have the little mall right under the hotel . The location of the hotel could not be better . We were walking distance to everything . Every kind of shopping or dinning experience you could possibly want was within 2 miles . Over all the hotel had a boutique feel to it even though it is part of the hilton chain .
My company booked our group for a Conference and Sales Meeting . The service was friendly , helpful and the property was beautiful . The hotel was clean and filled with history . We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and the rate was reasonable as well .
This is a stunning hotel in an excellent location in the greatest of US cities . The entrance and lobby of the hotel indicates its class . The bedrooms are large and comfortable and the customer service is second to none . It is located on South Michigan directly across the road from Grant and Millenium Park . It also has a free shuttle to the Water Tower in the heart of the Magnificent Mile . For Blues fans , Buddy Guy 's Legends Club is situated immediately behind the Hotel . Highly recommended .
If you have not tried the Millennium Knickerbocker for a stay in Chicago , do it now ! We have stayed ( and enjoyed ) at the Drake , Intercontinental and others , but we always now come back to the Knickerbocker . Why ? If `` Charlie '' the doorman is on duty and you pull up , he will welcome you . He 'll probably ask your name . Why ? Because he wants to call you by your name every time he will see you during your visit . Somehow he even lets the other employees know your name and all of a sudden , doorman , receptionist , bellman , waiter are referring to you by name . The employees are what makes this hotel . Yes , it has everything to offer like all hotels , but the others do n't have the fine people ( including the cleaning staff ) these folks have . Try it , you will like it . We look forward to our next visit already ...
I only stayed at this hotel for one night , the location was great but the elevators drove me crazy . After the first long wait I started to time how long it took from the moment I pushed the button until the elevator arrived , never under 10 min . even late at night . I went up to the rooftop for and after dinner drink with my husband ... 1 margarita was $ 14 ! I wans't drinking because I 'm pregnant so I had a soda water for $ 4 ... if I would have known I would have had tap water . Overall ... great rooms , OK staff , horrible elevators , overpriced drinks .
I stayed at the Fairmont to attend a conference . I was very pleased with the hotel . The doorman offered me an umbrella as I headed out for a walk ... and sure enough it started to rain very soon after- I would have been soaked with it . Upon my return , the doorman then asked about my walk , etc . This is reflective of all the staff I encountered . The front desk promptly checked me in . DEFINITELY register for their rewards program before you arrive ... The complimentary gym access is excellent , plus you save on internet access fees which are waived for members . The bathroom and separate dressing areas were large and convenient . The only negative- no coffee maker ! AND the Starbucks in the adjacent building is closed on weekends since the area corporate offices are closed those days ! ! ! Otherwise my stay was perfect , considering the conference rate was $ 99 per night !
I booked this hotel for my family of 4 to stay overnight to see the Magnificent Mile Christmas Lights Parade . I chose it because it had a sofa sleeper and one bed . We arrived at our hotel around 3:30 PM to check in . We came at this time because the front desk worker said that we could not check in until 3:00 PM . After giving him our name , the manager said , '' OK , we have your king smoking suite available '' . We quickly corrected him to let him know that we were traveling with two very young kids and we reserved a non-smoking room . He insisted that his computer said that we reserved a smoking room . We went back and forth , then he asked us if we had a copy of our reservation . Luckily , we were able to pull the reservation up on our phone . It clearly said non-smoking . After showing him our reservation , he explained that there was nothing that he could do to correct the situation because they had no other rooms available . So why in the world did he need to see our reservation ! ! We decided to see if we could handle the smoking room . It turns out that the entire floor was smoking and for a non smoker there was no way that we could sleep in a smoking room on a smoking floor with our two young children . The manager eventually called around and found a hampton inn near by with one bed . We canceled our room reservation . We live about an hour away from downtown so we made the late night trip back home . My family was very disappointed . My husband is a gold member with Hilton . Let 's just say we will be switching back to Marriott . The hotel lobby was dated . The smoking room that I saw looked very dated as well . They made an error and never owned up to it , nor did they do anything to compensate us for such a huge inconvenience .
Room : I stayed in the 16thz floor . 2 double bed room . The room has a decent size . Equipment is state of the art . The Furniture are stylish . Room Size was very nice . I could have left my big suitcase opened throughout the stay ( which rarely happens in most hotels ; ) ) 42 '' LCD Screen Complimentary WiFi in the room The bed and pillows are of extrodinary quality which provided an excellent deep sleep to me . Location Located quite central . Shopping streets are in reach of 5 minutes by feet . Midway Airport is in reach by cab within 30 minutes ( ~30 USD ) . Service - Spa and Fitness exists - though I did not use . - Restuarant ( not used ) - Business Center - Very friendly and helpful staff . ( even printed our boarding passes at the reception ) I do travel frquently , and do recommend this hotel for a business stay , as also for an overnight with friends going shopping , partying whatever in the city center of Chicago . Pricing was very moderate for teh standard being provided at a downtown hotel .
My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers in February . Everything about the hotel and experience was superb . The location was wonderful as well . Our room overlooked the river and we had a great view of the lake towards Navy Pier . The best part of the stay was the `` sweet sleeper '' bed . It was so comfortable . The staff was friendly and helpful as well . Nothing bad to say about this Sheraton ! I will stay here again !
We just returned from our first trip to Chicago and stayed at the Omni . I read many reviews on trip advisor and picked the Omni based on its wonderful reviews and they were right on . The location , staff , rooms , amenities , etc were all wonderful . Huge thank you to TA members who suggested signing up for the preferred member program . We did that before we left and received complimentary beverages in the morning and newspapers among other perks . I loved being woken up to fresh orange juice and the Chicago Tribune newspaper . We were in room 816 which was perfect . Corner suite with two out of the 3 sides of the rooms being windows with a great view . The room was huge with a gorgeous king bed and great living area with plasma TV . The bathroom amenities were wonderful . I loved soaking in the tub with the mineral salts that were provided . The turn down service was great as well . We would come back to our room with relaxing music playing and our bed ready for us . We ate at their restaurant twice and the breakfast buffet was delicious . The blueberry muffins were the best I have ever had . Everything was so fresh and prepared perfectly . The staff at the Omni is so accomodating . Everyone is always smiling and asking you how your stay is . Have to thank the concierge Melissa and Curtis . They were both so helpful with great dining suggestions and maps for everything we wanted to do . I also used the gym during my stay and it was great . All the machines were top notch and each treadmill has a lcd TV attached . And the gym itself had two plasmas . They also had cold lemon water for you after your workout . I am a stickler for cleanliness and it was sparkling every morning . It really was a fantastic stay at the Omni and we would never stay anywhere else . I also wanted to mention we never heard any construction while we were there . Everything was quiet and we both slept wonderfully on the big comfy bed . Thank you Trip Advisor for another great trip suggestion !
Stayed here October 31 through November 5 for a cconference . This is beautiful hotel and the location is perfect . The Art Institute and Millenium Park is a short 2 block walk from the hotel . My room was small , but beautiful . The bed was comfy and there were plenty of pillows . Alas , no coffee maker in the room ... The staff was helpful and friendly . I 'd stay here again !
This hotel was chosen by my husband 's company as the family came along for the business trip . The location was excellent and we had a great view of the lake and aquarium from the 34th floor . My first impressions were that the room was very nice and everything appeared to be clean . The lobby was undergoing renovation at the entrance , but was otherwise ok. Lots of conferences were taking place so the wait for the elevators was long . Seemed like only 2 elevators were working out of the 6 that were there . I had read from another reviewer to join the Fairmont President 's club and wi-fi in the room would be free . We signed up for the club , but were puzzled as to why they do n't just offer everyone free wi-fi . Parking fees were exorbitant at $ 58/night , but thankfully the company was paying for this . We were able to walk to Millennium Park and Navy Pier from our hotel . The hotel is NOT kid-friendly in terms of restaurants or amenities . There is no swimming pool , but the concierge arranged for us to swim at the Swissotel next door ( there is an underground tunnel that connects the Fairmont there ) . We loved the Swissotel 's pool on the 42nd floor . Fantastic views from the pool ! Although the beds were comfortable , my daughter and I were both victims of bed bugs during our stay . Unfortunately we did n't know until the next day after we returned home . Apparently bed bug bites can take up to 7 days to appear . My daughter and I both shared a bed and were bitten on our sides from our necks to our hips . The bites made you want to claw your skin off ! My husband and son who shared the other bed were not bitten at all . Beware of room 3405 -- bed nearest the bathroom ! ! ! I will not be fooled by a clean room again and will be checking under mattresses from now on ... .
The Omni Chicago really delivers on all fronts , from the spaciousness of the rooms to the helpful staff to the prized location on Michigan Avenue . While this address in Chicago requires a high level of quality , the Omni delivers . Check in for myself and a whole group of people with me was under 3 minutes , the staff had plentiful recommendations for dining and events , and the rooms are some of the largest you 'll find at this price range in Chicago . Even the `` standard '' room has a separate living area and work desk . The fitness center has free weights , weight machines , and two rows of cardio equipment . I shared the room with 7 others and did not feel cramped in any way ! All in all , a great property !
We got a spanking deal at this hotel for $ 99 a night . It 's in a good location to the Loop . Excellent transportation options abound . My gripe comes from the fact that we were obviously put in a `` crappy '' room . It overlooked the back of the building and the roof of a building next to us . The toilet in the room was not bolted to the floor . Other than that , if I needed to stay in the Loop again for something and I knew I was n't going to be put in a undesirable room , I would stay here again .
I stayed at The Talbott for 3 nights on business and was very pleased . The staff was friendly as can be immediately confirming the lore of the midwest . I was upgraded to a suite which was bigger than my apartment and certainly more luxurious . The free wi-fi came in handy as I needed to work remotely while there . Everything from the comfort of the bed to the staff and location made this a great stay . Oh , and I got to workout at the huge Equinox right next door for free .
This hotel is the perfect location for downtown Chicago shopping . The only thing is the pool is extremely small - it is indoors , but looks much larger on the website .
We recently stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel for a week . The hotel was in a wonderful location and the service was great . We found all of the staff very helpful and prompt . We highly recommend the Intercontinental for any travel needs whether it be for business or pleasure .
took a weekend trip with my wife . got a great rate with valet included , paid a couple extra bucks for the larger room . staff was nice , workout facility was great . room has current decor , but was starting to show some wear . watch the concierge , she suggested a pretty bad restaurant to us .
As a frequent traveler to Chicago , I generally stay at the Sutton Court , but thought I would try a different boutique hotel . I will never stay at this hotel again . The first room they brought me to -- their standard room -- was a glorified closet , leaving me absolutely claustrophobic ! Actually the smallest hotel room I 've been in in the U.S ! I complained to the front desk , who then moved me to a `` premium '' room -- still quite small , but manageably so . The bathroom was tiny , without a vanity , making it difficult to put your toiletries in the room . The location leaves much to be desired , as my room looked out directly onto the El ( elevated subway - background noise ) , and the street was pretty deserted on a Sunday evening . I will say that the free wi-fi was great . If you can find a chain or other hotel closer to Michigan Avene , I 'd highly recommend you take that . If you want a nice room in a great location , check out Sutton Place hotel instead .
Months prior to my 5-night reservation with the Hilton Chicago I requested a room that allowed in a lot of natural light , facing an open view , not a close building . ( The reservation was made through a conference travel agency . ) I confirmed my request by telephone a few days in advance directly with the hotel and at check-in the clerk noted it in my record . She told me it would be difficult to find , but consulted a chart and appeared to be satisfied with the room she assigned me . I was very surprised to open the door onto a room on the inside of one of the towers , tucked into a very dark corner , facing a wall of rooms . I called the desk immediately and was told that the hotel was sold out and it was hard to tell what rooms were still available that suited my request , but to `` sit tight '' and someone would call me . No one did . Further calls yielded similar results . At one point I was told I could have a `` parlor room , '' with a sofa bed , at a reduced rate , but I could not go see the room before committing to moving . That 's real hospitality for you . Worried that a bad sofa bed could be worse than rooming in a cave , I ended up staying in the dreadfully dark room . ( I had asked for a bright room with one bed and got a dark room with two beds . ) The only redeeming feature of the room was that it had 2 bathrooms . Other than that , it was tight quarters with a tiny closet , two uncomfortably low chairs , at the desk and in a ( dark ) corner . Light fixtures did n't do much to brighten things up . Since I was here at a conference , I really wanted a bright environment to wake up early and start the workday in and to have as a cheerful office for mid-day calls and e-mail , but instead I got a cave . Consequently , I spent as little time as possible in the room and next time I am in Chicago , conference or not , I will absolutely stay at another hotel . There are much better locations that the Hilton Chicago and looking at the percentage of `` inside tower '' rooms , places with a much better chance of having a bright room as well as better customer service . Shame on the Chicago Hilton .
After some deliberation I booked the Sofitel Water Tower Place for a 3 night stop-over in June . This was my first visit to Chicago and it turned out that we had a really great time . We loved our rooms , which were just the basic type on the lower floors but they were very well appointed . The decor is modern and personally I liked it a lot . The rooms were pleasant and airy and the bed extremely comfortable . The hotel location is just perfect , close to the shops on Michagan Avenue , and the beach at Oak Street . Lovely restaurants close by and nightlife in Rush Street is just steps away . The area although bustling was peaceful and quiet . We could walk to most places and I would not hesitate to stay here again . The hotel staff very helpful , always smiling and ready to help ; from the doormen to the helpful lady at Conceriage . I would not hesitate at all to stay at Sofitel Water Tower Place next time I 'm in Chicago ; in fact I look forward to my next visit .
We really enjoyed our brief stay at the Millennium Knickerbocker ! From the front desk personnel and bellmen to the housekeeping staff and bartender , everyone we met was helpful and welcoming . Our 11th-floor room was clean and beautiful , and the view looking north to the Drake Hotel and apartments across the street was nice . The in-room coffee service was appreciated , too . There is n't a lot of room in the bathroom for your toiletries , but I 'd still take a room in a beautiful older hotel with character over a spacious-but-cookie-cutter room any day !
We were disappointed with this hotel . The staff seems hurried and unhelpful . Our room was not made up until after 5 PM despite several requests . The blower in the hallway blew freezing air , but the staff told us that there was nothing that could be done about it . The lobby is not inviting and there is no where comfortable to sit . The room and bed was comfortable , but the cream and and modern art work are not our style . The room lacked many of the amenities other hotels in this price range offer . Certainly not worth the rate compared to other hotels I have stayed at in Chicago .
The location was good . Check-in was ok . Asked for non smoking room , given floor with half smoking half non smoking . We could smell the smoke as soon as the elevator doors opened . We asked for and recieved a room on a non-smoking floor . They did not bring up the key , we had to go down to the lobby to get it . Breakfast could have had some healthy choices , the sweet rolls and danish were not fresh . Bananas not ripe . Room only had ONE wash cloth , had to call down for more . Housekeeping NEVER showed up at our room . Not for turndown service , not for the morning clean -up . Called down upon our arrival back to our room after being gone all day and we were accused of putting our the Do Not Disturb sign . They said they would come up and they never came when they said they would . We finally told them not to come because of the time . We wanted to get ready to go out for dinner . Never greeted by anyone as we came and went . I have stayed at the Peninsula and the Burnham . The Burnham was booked during our stay or I would have stayed there.I will NEVER stay at this hotel again , Not worth 300.00 a night
My husband and I had a wonderful stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel . I had contacted the customer service representative prior to our stay to request a quiet suite . When we arrived , she greeted us and confirmed that we were getting exactly what I had requested -- and more . Our suite had a partial view of the lake ! ! ! And , we were able to check in early . The service at this hotel is incredible . Everyone made us feel welcome and took care to respond to any question or request that we had . The suite was very quiet even though we were on the east side of the hotel , very near to Michigan Avenue . Housekeeping was prompt and thorough . We really could n't have asked for a better hotel . We will definitely stay there on future trips to Chicago and will recommend this hotel to anyone who travels there .
Hotel Monaco is in a really great location , only a block away from the Miracle mile and a couple of blocks from Millenium Park . Sears Tower is also well within walking distance and if you do n't mind walking you wo n't have a problem walking to Greek Town and Lincoln Park ( we did ) . The daily , complimentary , wine hour is a really nice touch that we unfortunately were only around once to try out . If you can , leave your car behind , you wo n't need it and the parking is quite pricey , which is not very surprising considering the location . Everything was clean , fresh and modern and the staff very helpful . The only bad thing was that the noise from the elevated train around `` the loop '' was quite loud and that our room happened to be next to the maid 's supply room so it was quite busy in the morning .
Very disapointed in the service and quality of this hotel . I travel quite frequently to chicago and have never had this happen at any other 4 star hotel . I reserved a king bed . At checkin I was informed they were out of kings and basically offered no type of compensation or upgrade . When i arrived at the room the air conditioner door was open and rattled all night . The TV did not work . Had to call for service . The following day returned from work at 6pm and found the room had not even been serviced . Stay somewhere else .
We have stayed at several high end places in Chicago and this is still our favorite . Location is superb , staff are particularly gracious and welcoming without being cloying . Cornell , at the front desk , is unfailingly helpful as is the concierge . We love the extra room that a suite provides and if you join the frequent guest program , high speed internet is gratis , as is a breakfast beverage delivered along with the newspaper each morning at the time of your choosing . Bedding is of excellent quality and they offer truly amazing blackout curtains ! We have never had a bad stay at this hotel .
This comes a little late as I 'm finally catching up on my reviews from the past several months : ) A dear friend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency in late October 2007 for one night while visiting a friend and her husband from out of town . This hotel is perfect , IMO . Easy check in and check out . Lovely , clean , comfortable rooms with great views of the city . I know this area pretty well and it 's very convenient to many downtown Chicago attractions . We had dinner and went clubing with our friends around Division St.. We had no problems getting cabs back and forth to the Hyatt and there 's even public transportation right near by but we did n't bother since we only needed cabs from and to the hotel . Parking , as is usual for Chicago , was expensive but we were able to get our car out quickly ( however , we left on a Sunday morning , not exactly a high traffic time although it was a Bears homegame day , so a bit busier than usual I would think ) . No problems at all and the best part is that we got a rate of $ 100 through Hotwire , a downright steal for this area of Chicago and the quality of the hotel .
We just got back from 3 nights at the Sofitel . We really have nothing bad or negative to say about it . We 've stayed at other higher end hotels in Chicago such as the Park Hyatt , The Peninsula , and The Four Seasons - and the Sofitel tops them all . It 's a 4 star hotel with 3 star prices . It 's a beautiful hotel all the way around . Staff is uniformly friendly without being patronizing . They were helpful with the one small problem we had and solved it quickly . The common areas are fresh and modern in appearance . The room was very clean with comfortable beds and well-appointed marble-accented baths . My wife loved the huge tub . We had breakfast via roomservice every morning and it was always hot and delicious . The robes and Evian at turndown was always appreciated . The property is ideally situated in the middle of the Gold Coast and all the best shopping and eating is within a short walk . Want a Bentley or latte ? They 're all close by . This was our second stay since it opened and I 'm sure it 's to be our home away from home when we are in Chicago .
Not worth the price . We almost stayed at a hotel for $ 110 a night , but instead choose the Hard Rock for $ 180 ( a special ) . We were located on the `` newly renovated '' Beatles floor . The carpets in the hallways looked like they needed to be replaced . Upon entering our room we found some cool Beatles artwork along with a 3x4 foot Marilyn Manson portrait . I think they were halfway done re theming the room . At checkout they tried to charge us $ 11 for using the mini-bar which we did n't even open . They removed the charge right away but I wonder if they try to get unsuspecting people with that charge . Nothing special here . If you want to pay a bunch extra for some light theming then this is the place for you .
So ... the location to the Clark/Lake train stop is great ... and that is the only thing that is great with the hotel . The wall are very thin ... so much you can hear giggling and early morning housekeeping conversations in the hallway . There is no coffee maker in the room , however ; free coffee is available in the lobby ... becuase everyone wants to go to the lobby first thing in the morning ? ? ? Finally , the `` business center '' is a pay for use set-up ... no courtesty internet usage or printing . Lastly ... they bathroom is micro-tiny and lacks in counterspace and comfort .
Great hotel in a wonderful location . I stayed in this hotel last weekend for one night before coming home and I loved it . I could n't recommend it highly enough . Evidently popular and busy , the staff were still helpful . The rooms were lovely and spacious and clean . Bathrooms were clean , bright and spacious also . I 'd definitely recommend this hotel too , it 's close to the magnificant mile .
our stay was absolutely perfect . its a cool hotel to look at , the design and feel is very trendy and hip . all the staff are terrific , especially the consierge staff-great info and attitude . our room was on the top floor , with great views . super comfy bed , and neat bathroom . fantastic , choose this with no hesitation !
We ate at the Prime House restaurant last year , that is why we picked the hotel . Last year the food and service at the Prime House was outstanding . This year the service felt rushed . The waitress even asked why we were eating so early . It was 6:30pm . Our room in the hotel felt cramped . The beds were comfortable . The bathroom had maintenance problems . The maid service and turndown out night was good . All of the staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful . I just was not impressed by the quality of the hotel itself for what we were paying .
I can only confirm the positve reviews previously mentioned . We stayed in room 1112 , King with River View . No noise and very comfortable.The price was a bargain at $ 191 a night . I would stay here again . The `` L '' from Midway Airport lets you off about two blocks from the Hotel . It 's a $ 2 ride - no need for a $ 40 taxi ride .
I stayed here August 20 through 23rd with my sixteen year old son and we thoroughly enjoyed this hotel . The price was very reasonable for a hotel located right on Michigan Avenue . The front desk and concierge service was excellent and enhanced our stay by making it easy for us to plan fun activities . The John Entwistle theme on our floor was a nice touch . Any of you single fathers out there can appreciate how difficult it can be to take a fun affordable vacation with your children and The Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago really helped me accomplish just that !
has gone downhill so much we almost checked out . We stayed in the Dean Martin Celebrity Suite for 3 nights while entertaining customers in Chicago . We 've stayed there for many years and while not up to date like the Four Seasons or the Peninsula , it has always been a comfortable and clean , service oriented hotel . Not only has room service been eliminated ( if you want room service it comes from Marios Italian restaurant down the street , so is ONLY Italian ) , complimentary morning coffee is no longer available , mini bars have been removed from the rooms , etc . etc . The only restaurant , the Pump Room was closed for a private function on Saturday night , the bar also , so we were n't even able to have an after dinner drink with our guests . Surely the function was planned before we made our reservations , but we were n't told of it . We also learned that the bell staff ( who have been there for 13 and 8 years ) is being eliminated . So , in other words , anyting to do with `` service '' is gone from this hotel . I hear they are going to begin renovations in December , but that is no excuse to let an old glory `` go to pot '' in the meantime . We wo n't be staying here when we go back in July or for Thanksgiving . We even had to pay for internet . Mind you , our bill for 3 nights was 900.00+ , no room service , no restaurant/bar charges . Highway robbery for what you get ow at the Ambassador East . Sad .
The Ambassador East was a average hotel at best , and mediocre at worst . The bright spot is a very helpful and friendly staff . The doormen and the concierge were especially helpful and willing to do what they could for you . The room was lackluster , however . The bathroom was in especially bad shape . It was dirty when we arrived , with hair in the sink and shower . The shower was in really bad shape . The shower head adjustment did not work properly and water pressure was very low . The water temperature did not get warm during the first morning of our visit . The decor throughout the hotel ( lobby , hallways and rooms ) was very out-of-date and old-fashioned . I would have liked there to have been a vending machine in the hotel as well . The business center with free Internet access was a nice feature that was easy to use . The hotel 's location was okay though it was a bit of a hike to the most popular tourist destinations . I would not stay at this hotel again based on its current conditions , but if it underwent some renovations to update the rooms and the bathrooms , I might be inclined to stay there again . ... read more
Our trip was our annual anniversary trip . The hotel did not honor my choice of king size bed . Instead we received two double beds . This seriously decreased our enjoyment of our stay at the Hyatt . There were two cups of coffee complimentary in the room . No complimentary coffee anyplace else in the very large hotel . Location was more of a business district , not appropriate for pleasure trip . Employees of Hyatt were very friendly and helpful , other than the failure to deliver the reserved room .
at check in , the girl gave us a smoking room . we asked for nonsmoking . i had to get another room . it was by the elevators . loud ! really loud ! . the new room did n't have a shower door . so every day water spilled on to the floor and wet the carpet . the public transportation is amazing . you do n't need a car in chicago . you can get anywhere by train or bus . it 's fast too . Area recommendations chicago is great ! good shopping , good food ( ginos east ! ! ! ) and great bars . the tornado that knocked out the windows in the sears tower was really cool ! i loved being in the hardest rain storm i 've ever seen !
I found this hotel in the `` Small Luxury Hotels of the World '' booklet having stayed in many of these in recent years , and they were indeed above and beyond average hotels . I therefore chose it for a 4 night stay while visiting from England . The Talbott was excellently located , although i had a view of a building site , and did have an ambience and some charm , however it was a little dirty and faded around the edges and the service was appalling . I had to wait in the foyer well after check in time , having previously attempted to check in earlier , tired and in need of a rest , while a `` final check '' was done to my room . The valet parking was not outside when requested , breakfast was not included in the price , all the things requested of reception did not occur , and there were very few touches which make a hotel stay special . I have stayed in hotels which are so much more elegant , where the staff and service are first rate for half the price of this hotel . I was severely disappointed and can not recommend it at all .
When you 're standing in a craptastic excuse for a shower buttnaked and cold with soap in your hair because the water from the shower head has gone from a weak spray to a dribble to nothing coming out at all , nothing in the world will ever convince you to stay here again . The worst part is that the hotel knows this is a problem ( they told me that it happens to the upper floors , and I was n't even staying on the highest floor ! ) as if that makes it ok . I can look past the `` rustic '' decor of the room and take it for what it is - an inexpensive place to crash , but c'mon , a girl 's got ta shower .
Overall the hotel is very nice . The rooms are spacious and well-appointed , but they tend to be aging or dated . My bathroom was particularly below average , with old wallpaper and a dingy tub with a crummy showerhead . The toilet paper roll holder was pulling out of the wall and its screws were exposed . The conceirge recommended an expensive and mediocre restaurant . I hate it when they do that- it makes me suspect they 're getting kickbacks from places that otherwise do n't get enough business on their own . Breakfast was very good . It 's a relatively large european-style spread .
I stayed at Palmer House for one night in early January this year . During the check in , the front desk lady asked me to show my confirmation letter of my reservation . I did not bring the confirmation with me because I had not been asked to present it in other places during check in.So she asked to print out one copy in their business center and bring the confirmation to the bell station to get the room key . I did what she told me and went to the bell station . However , people at the bell station was totally confused and none of them have the key . A bellman was nice enough to help me go ask their staff at the front desk . I finally got checked in after waiting at the lobby for about 15 minutes . As other people pointed out before , the room I got was small and old with a twin bed , and I could hear people next door using the bathroom . This was not a pleasant experience , even though I paid over 100 dollars to the hotel .
The hotel is staffed by very nice but many inexperienced people . Executive lounge has limited hours and no access outside of those hours . Other areas similarly lack the level of service that is expected for this type of hotel . One of the individuals at the concierge desk twice gave us bad information about public transportation and the hours at one place . While the location is good , this particular hotel is simply not a good representation of what Swissotel is supposed to be , and there are far better choices in Chicago . It would not be my choice for a return stay .
This is a wonderful hotel with all the amenities . Everyone was helpful . The breakfast buffet was wonderful . The bed was `` just like home '' . We would definitely stay again . A nice touch was the water bottles left in our car for us to enjoy on our way home . It was little touches like this that make this hotel one of the best .
This hotel was great - In a great area right downtown and close to everything . The daily happy hour had great food , wine and premium liquors . The free breakfast was even better ! Actually I believe everything was included breakfast/happy hour/business center/WiFi . Our room was a king size facing the back of the building . Really clean new and comfortable . Small touches such as books and cds to enjoy made the room feel less like a hotel - Would highly recommend .
Just putting in a good word for the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago . The reviews I read before going were mixed so we were not sure what to expect . The location was perfect . The hotel was beautiful . Our view was awesome . The room was large enough and very clean . The bed was very comfy . The staff were helpful - especially the concierge , Jared . I could n't find anything negative to say . If you want to stay in downtown Chicago - you ca n't go wrong with this cool hotel .
I stayed here for 5 nights last summer . I booked the reservation on priceline for $ 75/night which was the cheapest rate I could find anywhere during a convention week . Anyway , when I arrived at 11 pm from the airport , I was told that they had overbooked the hotel and had no room for me . They booked me at a dumpy 2 star motel by the airport . They gave me $ 20 for a taxi to get there , and it cost me $ 35 . I was late for a meeting the next morning because of the extra travel and packing/unpacking . The Millennium offered no compensation whatsoever for their foul-up . No free drink , no room upgrade , nothing . Since I booked on the internet , I was chopped liver . Beware .
I stayed there on October 6 , 2012 . When I pulled the covers of my bed , there was a small dark brown insect the size of a grain of rice , which was either a bed bug or cockroach . I trapped it under a glass ( see the attached pictures ) and called the front desk . The housecleaning person claimed it was a cockroach . Absolutely horrible service by the hotel management to respond to the problem , failing to follow through on promises they made to me . Setting aside the bug problem , I caution that the windows are quite thin . We could hear a lot of the street noise , which made for a hard night 's sleep , not to mention worrying about insects even after changing rooms . For $ 400 a night after tax , I strongly encourage you to check for alternatives .
Excellent Hotel ! Rooms and service were great . A great value ! I have been to places that are not as good for nearly twice the price . Good location . Close to the L and short walk to rental car service . Restaurants in the area a bit of a disappointment , but the shopping was great . Area recommendations Great theatre , restaurants , museums and shopping .
I stayed at the hotel during the Dave Matthews Caravan tour and would come home each night rather dusty/dirty from being at an outdoor concert with 200,000 of my closest friends . I used half a bottle of shampoo the first night . The second night , the staff had not refreshed my bar soap or shampoo . I informed the front desk who made apologies and said they would take care of it immediately . I got home that night with a tiny tiny bar of soap ( hand soap ) for the bath/shower and they had replaced the shampoo in its original place , nicely displayed , but with the EXACT SAME bottle of shampoo that was now 1/8 full . Yeah ! ! The hotel is in a great location to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave ... .I 'll grant them that ... .but that 's where their `` pros '' end . I 'd rather stay at a Hampton Inn . I would not recommend this hotel to anyone .
Just returned from 2 nights at the Ambassador and I have to say that I am very happy that I chose this hotel . It is true that this is an older hotel . But it is well kept and it does not lack in style and grandeur . ( think of the hotel from the Shining , minus the elevator of blood and creepy twins . ) From the check-in desk to the surprise turn down service from the maids , I was made to feel like royalty . A special acknowledgment goes out to the doormen who helped me with all my tourist questions . Also the location of the hotel is great . Close to all the action , but on a quite residential street with beautiful old mansions . I also got a sweet $ 89 per night room by booking on travelzoo . That was just an added bonus however . Even if I paid $ 200 per night , my impression of the Ambassador would not change . Highly , highly recommended .
I was in Chicago for a convention and stayed at the Sheraton towers . I had a negative experience because I got about one dozen very painful bites by bed bugs on my torso . It made attending the conference uncomfortable . The staff changed the sheets but could not move me to another room , as the conference had booked the whole hotel . After the sheets were changed , I got no more bites , thankfully . Despite this , I managed to enjoy the stay . I liked the location next to the river , and the fact that it was easy to walk to Magnificent Mile .
I gave the Conrad a second try at impressing me and it failed miserably . The hotel will not honor room requests . I expressed this was for a special occasion and would love a room with a view on my reservation . I got there and my 'view ' was of the adjacent office building windows . I did n't pay nearly $ 400 a night for that . I called down and the manager was absolutely rude . `` That would 've required you to pay at least $ 40 more.. '' Rude . Lots and lots of mistakes happened . Requested pillows were never sent up , the television sound was not functioning ( i.e . NO sound ) , when telling the manager of the problems he was horribly condescending and cared very little . I 've had better service at a Hampon Inn ! When they screwed up our breakfast vouchers I had to physically go down and question it.. they said `` we will send them right up '' .. No , that never happened . Absolutely ridiculous . The bathroom has always been nice , and the room had been renovated since I was there last year ( thank the lord ! ) ... It had a nice ambiance to it . The bed was quite nice as well . The valet guys were fantastic , probably the nicest men within that entire hotel . Also the bellman , and housekeepers were wonderfully sweet and always said `` hi '' or `` hope you have a wonderful day '' .. I appreciated that . Perhaps the management team needs to go back to training school to learn about customer service . Breakfast at the Conrad restaurant is to be avoided completely . The service was abysmally inept , and not to mention slow . We had two different watresses and it took upward of 15 minutes just to get our juice . They looked like they hated their jobs , and treated us with the same attitude . We were never checked on after the food came . The food is overpriced and the quality is severely lacking . I got a continental breakfast and it included a muffin ( burnt ) , a small croissant , and a tiny cinnamon roll . 14 dollars for that . Laughable . Or if you choose , for 14 dollars you can get some toast and juice ! Spare yourself and choose to eat elsewhere where you can get an actual tasty meal for your money . Overall , the managers need to learn what customer service means , and how to bend over backwards for a customer . Otherwise your business will crumble . And the Conrad has crumbled for me . I spent way too much money on terrible service . I 've already sent my opinions to Hilton headquarters . I 'll be looking at other hotels the next time im in Chicago .
This was a wonderful stay . The staff was extremely helpful , The rooms are especially large , and the fact they have a small kitchen makes everything a lot more easy . The breakfast and supper were excellent . They go out of their way to make you feel comfortable - for instance , they have take-away plates you can take up to your room . the business center , gym and pool also make this my first choice next time in Chicago .
This was our second time staying here . We were very much looking forward to our weekend at the Amalfi ( based on how well the first stay was ) . It turned out better than our anticipation . The beds are very comfortable . 2 headed showers with a large bathroom . The hotel is also pleasantly quiet and easy to check-in and out . Our room was near the exercise room which helped motivate us to get in an hour morning workout . Then we were able to grab some complimentary fruit , pastries , juice and coffee on our floor ( breakfast is on every floor ) . No great view from our room , but I do n't think there are great views from most any room since it is only 5 floors . We did n't need to drive , take a cab or jump on the L the whole weekend since the hotel is centrally located . We easily walked to bars , blues clubs , restaurants , the hancock tower , the loop and the waterfront all from our hotel . The highlight of the hotel was the complimentary happy hour . Free top-shelf drinks and wonderful meats , cheeses , peppers , and breads . This ran from 5:30 to 7:00 , and was a great warm-up to a nice dinner . This alone saved us a bundle in money that would of been spent eating and drinking out in the evening . And an extra money-saving tip ... park at the self-park lot 2 blocks west of the hotel on Kinzie . Its $ 24 per night during the week and only $ 6 per night on the weekends . I think the hotel charges $ 30 to $ 40 per night to park .
My wife and I stayed here in the middle of February 2005 . We took the ( EL ) subway to the hotel from O'Hare . It was very convenient . The lobby was nice and the room was clean and comfortable . I 've stayed in many a hotel room , this bed was the most comfortable I 've ever slept in . The hotel is located in a great area and close to everything . Walking distance to almost all the interesting sites Chicago has . Would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting this great city .
This hotel has the worst rooms we have stayed in during the last 10 years . The first room they gave us was a shock . TINY and the bathroom was a joke , , you had to step inside , move out of the way just to shut the door . The furniture is disgusting and all the wood trim was VERY beat up and painted over about 100 times . so they transfered us to the 'executive suite ' That room had a tiny bathroom.. I mean TINY ! The furniture was hideous and dirty . It was on the 3rd level so you heard every conversation on the street below and traffic was loud . The only impressive part is the lobby.. but do n't be fooled . because after that .. the floors above look like they need a major overhaul.. and the rooms were not worth even $ 100 per night . we stayed there a year ago because we got stuck through Priceline deal . I do n't think we want to do Priceline again only because they have the Knickerbocker as a 4 star Hotel and we do n't ever want to go back there again . 2 Stars at best for the dumpy Knickerbocker . They should be ashamed of themselves for even allowing guests to stay in those rooms . Boomer . Naperville , IL
I have stayed at the Omni off an on over the years . On business , for personal trips . This trip started off quite rocky , and left me very un-impressed . 1 ) Be aware , they have a new policy where they charge debit card $ 55 per day for `` incidentals '' which you *may* incur . They do this if you elect not to use a standard credit card . Even if you have booked and paid for your room in advance . The desk clerk claimed `` all the hotels do this now '' ... funny how when I put a remote employee at the O'Hare hilton on my business debit card , I was never asked for additional funds . Having a policy is one thing , spreading blame for it is another . While not a problem for me , someone who plans trips down to the dollar and dime might encounter a problem with this `` policy '' of theirs . To my knowledge , they never did this sort of thing before . ( I do n't use Credit Cards , its why I have money in a recession . = ) ) 2 ) Rooms were clean , but their in room accoutrements and mini bar items had no price list . The only thing labelled with a price was a bottle of water ( about 600 ML ) for $ 7.50 . As such , be careful with the tray of goodies . If the water is $ 7.50 , imagine what the snickers bar might cost . 3 ) Our suite had a bathroom sliding door between the bedroom and bathroom which appeared broken , and would not move . Calling the front desk resulted in ... nothing . Finally about 9:00 PM I elected to have another look at it , and it seemed to be off its track . I was able to successfully `` fix '' it , but the lack of response from maintenance , considering the rate for a suite , is sad . I remember this hotel being much more attentive and responsive . 4 ) The seem to cut a lot of corners on room stocking now . Overall , I think I will be skipping the Omni , and they will get no more of my business . It seems Hilton treats people better overall . It 's quite sad , as I have a lot of good memories with Omni . I will not be back .
After reading all the lukewarm reviews for this hotel , I went ahead and got an Ambassador membership just to hedge off any unpleasantness . I normally have a good experience with Intercontinental hotels , particularly the Mark Hopkins in SF . I called the hotel directly to confirm that my reservation was designated as Ambassador Club . When I arrived at the hotel , there was no separate check-in line ( as advertised ) and the manager on duty basically ignored me when I told him I was an ambassador club member and stuck me with a regular tiny room . I was nearly half an hour checking in the room and had to deal with the arrogant attitude of the manager on duty . They gave me a room in the `` modern '' tower , ( built in the 60 's ) which was about 2/3 the size of a regular room at the Mark Hopkins ( built in '29 ) . I had to deal with torn sheets , cracked marble sinks , and the spare roll of toilet paper being located OUTSIDE the bathroom inside the closet - how convenient is that ? The closet door , if you are not careful , may break the full length mirror attached to the bathroom door . I was not provided with a key to the minibar and I called for turndown service , which never happened . The next day , they finally got around to the fact that I was an Ambassador Club member and entitled to an upgraded room , but since I travel with a medical device which I already set up in the tiny room , I declined . To their credit , they did send some of the amenities I would otherwise be entitled to as an Ambassador Club member . I would not stay at this hotel next time I go to Chicago . There are other better places for the money including , the Omni , The James , The Fairmont , Hyatt , Sheraton , Monaco , Crowne Plaza , even the Holiday Inn and Marriotts located in the same general area .
From checkin to departure a poorly run hotel . It took 30 minutes in line to check in because only one clerk was on duty . Another person , perhaps the manager , was in the back room but never came out to help the check in clerk even as the line grew . The hotels elevators are small resulting in 10 minute waits to get up and down floors , especially when 1 of the 3 breaks , as seems to be frequent occurence . After specifically asking for a room away from the elevators , I was assigned to a room directly across from them , necessitating another 20 minute wait in line . The room smelled of mildew and water dripped from the ceiling the first night . I requested a news paper be delivered to my room - it appeared on the morning and never again . Basically , the hotel is understaffed and poorly trained . Never again !
We stayed at this hotel for a conference . The lobby and the conference areas were immaculate . The restaurants ( one of which was Shula 's Steakhouse ) and bars were great . The saff was exteremely helpful . The rooms left a lot to be desired ... Our nonsmoking room smelled of smoke . The A/C system was ancient and tempermental , and the bathroom was old and in need of a makeover . It was surprising to see since the physical plant was so nice . We would choose , however , to stay elsewhere . Espcially for the money we paid .
THE ROOM I booked a room here and was told I 'd be getting a king bed . When I check in , they say they only have a queen bed room available . I protested to no avail . When I got to the room , it was really only a full size bed . So I went from from a king bed at home to a full size bed in a tiny broom closet of a room in Chicago . For the pleasure , I paid the same price as a normal king bed room . The full size bed we had was also extremely uncomfortable . I think it was lop sided because they never rotate the mattresses . We would wake up with body aches and headaches . My wife even said she lost feeling in her arms some nights . Not good . Also , the internet in the room is hard to set-up , slow to use , and inconsistent . I generally had to restart my computer at least once to get the internet to work . The internet worked one day on my iPhone and then would not log me in . It 's not really worth it . ROOM SERVICE Room service was very inconsistent and nonsensical . Some mornings they would take our towels ( even the ones we hung up to use again ) and not replace them , other times they would replace some towels and not others . They would also come at vastly different times . HOTEL SERVICE This hotel LOVES to nickel and dime . I asked for a fridge in the room and they told me it 'd be $ 25 . No other hotel I 've ever stayed in ( regardless of how many stars it had ) has ever charged me for a fridge in the room . Late checkout ? charge . Shuttle from the airport ? - nonexistent . The front deck `` gold passport '' people ca n't even figure out how to get you points . In the end I will have to call corporate and get my points for my stay ( not that i plan on staying at a Hyatt property again ) . By the way , apparently the hotel is still undergoing changes because my mini-bar was missing . I was thinking of using it as a fridge instead of paying $ 25 . THE HOTEL The hotel has some cool bars and a beautiful lobby area in the east tower . The west tower has some underground amenities no one uses . The bars are extremely expensive , but the drinks are tasty . The food is edible too , but I would n't brag about it . The hotel is not directly on the main street ( Michigan ) , but it 's not too far from it . It 's right next to the boat tours and , in some rooms , has a view of the Navy Pier . Our room faced another hotel , but we could see a sliver of the pier . The hotel is walking distance from Millennium Park . It 's a bit of a walk to any of the L stations though . If you want a wonderful breakfast place , go to Wildberry on Randolph st . It 'll have you waiting to eat for a long time , but it 's yummy ! CONCLUSION I get better rooms , better beds , better service , and better amenities at a Holiday Inn Express or a Best Western . Save the money and stay elsewhere .
Swissotel was the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed in ! The room and bathroom were quite large for downtown Chicago . The pool and hot tub were also very nice . I would definately recommend this hotel . We did n't hear any noise in our room from other guests or from the city . It is in a great location - walking distance to Millenium Park , the Loop and Michigan Ave .
We were greeted by staff with excellent customer service skills . Our room was such a pleasant surprise , from the flat screen TV , the full size shower with rain showerhead & hand held shower wand , the wall attached toilet with flushing options ( on the wall ) , the comfortable bed , the lovely lighting options , etc.. The size of the room was snug , and very comfortable , as would be , in a historic hotel . It was also quiet , and I know that the hotel was sold out . My sister was in the room next door . We did not hear her TV . We also loved walking less than a block , to the shopping and restaurants on North Michigan Avenue .
After reading some of the most recent reviews I 'm really perplexed . I did n't know what to expect , but I was most pleasantly surprised . Just as all the past reviews , both negative and positive , have stated , you ca n't beat the location of this hotel . It 's perfect . We had a big spacious room in the old tower . We avoided the expensive pitfalls of the hotel extras such as bottled water and items in the room fridge . The beds were great , the rooms were kept clean and the staff was very friendly . Great martinis in the hotel bar . I really ca n't understand the negative reviews . I know you ca n't please everyone , but in some cases I simply do n't believe their claims . I 've traveled a lot and have stayed in plenty of hotels . This is a great hotel !
This hotel was PERFECT for our girls getaway . The decor is fun & refreshing . Loved the roof top bar . Every staff member was friendly & always smiling . The location is perfect for Michigan Ave shopping , the beach , dinner and night life . It was a mile or two from Millenium Station . The concierge recommended a couple places to hang out after dinner and added our names to the guest list ( I 'm sure they do it all the time but still a nice gesture ) .
After reading good reviews about I booked a 5 night stay . Checked in late bit called early in the day to assure we 'd have a roll away as well as the pull out sofa for 2 teens . They somehow had us booked for two rooms instead . Got that sorted out and arrived around 10 pm . Checked in and waited for our luggage ... Finally went down and got it ourselves . The room was a little grungy , furniture shabby , and discovered a suspicious stain on the duvet cover . Ewww . Called for a new duvet cover which was delivered and unceremoniously handed to me . FYI it 's kinda gross to have to change the duvet cover in a hotel . Next day tried to iron a dress for dinner and the iron did n't work . Called for a replacement , waited a while , called again and was brought another iron which also did n't work . Third time was a charm . Oh boy . Too bad we paid in advance . Wo n't be staying here again .
Stayed in April for two nights . I hesitated selecting the Sheraton becaue I had a very poor stay there earlier this year . As far as I 'm concerned , that 's two strikes and I wo n't give them a chance at # three . Doormen would n't help on arrival , huge line at c/i , lousy room , malfunctioning remote , unresponsive staff , and incorrect bill . If you want to be close to Michigan Ave , try the Westin or Intercontinental and spare yourself the problems . I do n't understand why certain places never improve . Is it that tough to properly train a staff ?
I recently stayed at the Sheraton for an onsite conference , and had problems from the getgo . I had problems with the check-in even though I had made arrangements beforehand to pay by company check and they have a credit card on file . The front desk clerks were kind of rude . The room was okay , not worth what I paid for . The sheets were kind of messed up and the room did n't feel very clean . They also charge for internet access , which is ridiculous . Most hotels provide free wi-fi . The conference food , which I assume is catered by the hotel , was not good at all . On the day of the check out , I had arranged for a late check-out , but in the morning before check-out time , someone else got assigned to my room and was attempting to get in ! Then they locked me out of my room with my luggage still in there before my check out time . All in all , I would recommend staying somewhere else .
Rude , rude , rude ! We stayed here on July 4th weekend . We drove from Michigan , we called customer service to get directions from I-95 w/c is a major highway to Chicago -- calling them from a cellphone , telling them we 're in a middle of a storm and that we 're lost ... .we were put on hold , forwarded to another person who did not know how to get to the hotel and we were on hold again . Giving up we decided to just exit the highway and try our luck at a 7-11 store . When we finally arrived at the hotel at 2 am no one was there to take care of our car so we looked for parking ourselves . Checking in we were not greeted by anyone , even the receptionist did not greet us ! ! no welcome to the knickerbocker , nothing ! The man at the reception was rude , which makes me think what kind of customer service training this hotel has . The guy could not find our reservation and he seemed frustrated that we are checking-in at 2 am ! ! Well if they were able to give us directions maybe we would have been there 2 hours earlier . The room is not even spectacular , very small , probably a little bigger than a walk-in closet . Stay here at your own risk .
Very quaint and romantic , yet masculine . I 've noticed that at most Chicago hotel bars it 's hard to get a drink much less a seat but I guess because it 's a small hotel that was not a problem at the Talbott - plus people take their drinks out to the seating in the lobby because it 's so inviting - cozy and comfortable - love that ! Would love to stay again but I must say that I was surprised by all the comments on the comfortable beds - ours was too firm . Also note there is no gym on the premises - but walking and shopping is enough of a workout !
Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Talbott . This was our first visit there , and I can honestly say that I would n't stay at any other hotel in Chicago . From when we first were greated by the bell captain until our final departure , the staff was nothing less than amazing , always greeting with a smile and can I help you attitute . The room we had ( 1508 ) was very spacious and comfortable . The bed was probably the most comfortable that my wife and I have ever slept in ( including the Four Seasons ) . Had great breakfasts and drinks at Basil 's . You would be missing a fantastic experience , if you did n't stay at the Talbott .
I 'm a frequent business traveler and often in Chicago on trips . At times , it 's very difficult to even find a hotel in downtown Chicago , and this was one of those times . I recently had to pay almost $ 400 for one night at the Allegro . It was absolutely not worth it . The hotel was filled to capacity with conventioneers , so check-in and check-out were very slow . There were very few elevators , which were worked beyond capacity with all the guests . The morning I checked out , our elevator stopped at every single floor from the 16th floor down to the lobby , but the elevator was almost completely full when I got on at the 18th floor , so I can only imagine how long it must have taken other guests to get downstairs . The room was extremely small and cramped , even though it had obviously been renovated recently . The TV , bed , and decor were all new and were the high points of the hotel . Still , the rate was way overpriced for such a small room . The best thing about the Allegro was the room service , which was prompt . The food was good , and the prices were very reasonable for room service . From now on , if my regular hotels are booked , I 'll just take a cab farther out from the city because it just is n't worth it .
I chose this hotel for a nice weekend getaway and was nothing but disappointed . The previous weekend , I stayed at a 2.5 star hotel a few blocks away , and was much more impressed there . The Hard Rock had a number of issues including : very dark room - not much light ( artificial or natural ) ; lots of street noise ; very cheap decor and furniture ; broken cabinet door ; very warm room - said they would send maintenance , but they never arrived ; had bar charges on account that were not ours . Overall , I was very surprised that this was a 4 star hotel . I expected a much better experience !
My boyfriend and I decided to stay at the Conrad Chicago for our anniversary . The second we walked in , we were immediately won over by the look and feel of the room . White luxurous bedding on the King bed , plasma t.v./ subroofer/ surround sound speakers ( my boyfriend was more impressed than me , as I reminded him that we did n't come to Chicago for the hotel room ) very large bathroom w/ tub and separate stand-in shower , granite countertops , his/ her robes and slippers . The view was n't great , but we were on the 6th floor and not really high enough to see anything but the side of the building next to us . Not a large room by any means , but again . . . we did n't go to the city for the hotel room . It was the prefect size for the amount of time we were actually in the room . We got a great rate on it ( $ 140 at hotels.com ) but I think the going rate is usually closer to mid $ 200 's . I 've stayed in quite a few hotels in the downtown area and none have ever impressed me more than this one . We will definitely be staying there again on our next trip into the city .
I am a fan of Kimpton Hotels , however I have never experienced top service as I did at the Hotel Allegro . Even before my visit , concierge Mark Kraemer advised us on things to see , and booked tickets in advance to Second City . We were welcomed warmly on arrival , and the bellman checked up on us as we came and went from the hotel . All the staff have a personal interest in making your stay a great experience . The hotel is next to City Hall , where I had some business . We had a large quiet room , and used room service-the meal came quickly , and included a a bonus fruit cup . Enjoyed the pasta night ( 20 dollars for a three course meal ) at the 312 restaurant-the starter and the dessert were wonderful , the main pasta a bit too salty . And that is the only complaint I can make-from start to finish , if you want attentive service , this is the place to be . Thank you , Hotel Allegro , for a great stay . I ca n't wait to return .
We just returned from a girls shopping /sight-seeing trip.The Palmer House was like home away from home.The hotel is undergoing renovations but we did not notice any inconveniences or hear any noise from the work.The lobby was breathtaking , all dressed up for Christmas.The staff from check-in to housekeeping was very welcoming and friendly.Our room was updated with two beds and two separate baths which was great for everyone to have their own personal space.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.Chicago is a great town .
this is my letter to the management ... .. Sir or Madam : I am writing to give feedback about our recent stay the Amalfi . We were a guest from 11/20 to 11/23 . During our stay we used the `` Valet '' Service operated through Standard Parking . Our vehicle was returned with stolen items from the glove compartments . Much to my chagrin , $ 44/day valet service did not include proper security/monitoring , despite the premium over `` self park '' . I understand that these parking services are sub-contracted by the hotel , but I would think that any worthy hotel would remedy the situation . This was not the case . I hope that your staff will be able to take measures to rectify the situation for future guests
This is best hotel bargin in Chicago if you are not overly unhappy with a small room . Great hotel just redone by Kimpton . This is a great hotel chain that really provides a the sense of escape and fun to all of their hotels . This is a location just off of LaSalle and next to the Cadillac theater . It has a 4 star resturant which we enjoyed in a relaxed atmosphere an amazing Italian meal . The wine list is one of the best in a city of great restaurants . The Kimptons have a social hour 5 to 6 with wine at all of their hotels . You sit in a designer , kind of London circa 1968 couch with a fire place nearby and have that lost art form of relaxation with you fellow guests . They are super animal friendly and provide complete services to your dog if you wish to bring it . The exercise room is great and there is a spa here as well . There are two other Kimptons here but for the money the Allegro is the best value and location . Always consider Kimptons as they never disappoint where ever we have used them .
The service from check-in to checkout was excellent - timely and efficient . The room was more then I has expected . It was spacious and laid out very well . I particularly enjoyed the living room area as well as the double closets and separate bath and shower . The bed abd pillows were extremely comfortable . I believe it 's the first time I stayed in a hotel that provided a toothbrush and toothpaste in the room . The location was perfect for us as we were able to walk to everywhere we needed to go . I particularly enjoyed the excellent food at theChina Grill which is attached to the Hard Rock hotel . The service was very good and the staff very friendly .
This is about the fourth time we stayed at the Allegro . The previous times , I have nothing but good to say about the Allegro . But my reaction has soured on this place . We have stayed here the past few years on the first weekend in December as a kick off to the holiday season and our shopping . From the very start , this year was a disappointment . I had checked the deals on a number of sites before calling the Allegro . I was quoted one price ( higher than what was on line ) , when I mentioned this , I was told I could have the lower price . At check in , the desk was nice but not friendly . We discovered that our room was not as good as in the past ( punishment for asking for a lower price ? ) The closet had no hangers , we had no place to put our suitcase . No one mentioned the wine reception in the evening . On the second day , we discovered that even our bath mat for the shower was missing . It took two phone calls and almost two hours to get a new one . I wrote the management following our stay . I have yet to receive a reply . Needless to say we will be looking elsewhere when we go into the city the next time . I would advise others to do the same .
My wife and I spent several nights here on a getaway excursion . I did n't choose it -- Priceline gave it to me for $ 70 . If I 'd paid the book rate , $ 175 , I 'd have been less pleased . No troubles with checkin . Very small room but bed was clean and comfortable . Starbucks in the lobby was a godsend . I 'd read horror stories about the staff but they seemed friendly enough . For $ 70 , it 's a steal . For its online face value , not so much . Will definitely return if can get similar price .
I made reservations with the Chicago Fitzpatrick using their 800 number for two nights in June . I received no written confirmation with cancelation policy , etc . However , when I attempted to cancel my reservation the morning of my first night 's reservation , I was told that they would charge me for one nights stay . They have a `` 3pm THE DAY BEFORE your first nights stay '' policy . Even though the hotel was not sold out for the night they would not budge on the policy . This is not a common policy on Michigan Ave . I 'd advise making your reservations someplace that offers more flexiblity for emergencies or sends a written confirmation with policy . It was a very expensive mistake on my part to book with this hotel !
I stayed at the hotel one night . The hotel is excellent , comparable quality than Marriott and Sheraton , perhaps superior , but the location is definitely much better . Whatever your trip purpose is , business or leisure , you can drop your bags and take a walk on the Magnificent mile . Loved it !
This was my first time in Chicago and wanted a hotel that was in a good location . This definitely fit the bill . I could walk to all the places I wanted to see - very close to Michigan Ave and the Magnificent Mile . About a 15 minute walk to the Art Institute . The hotel staff was very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful . There was coffee in the lobby every morning , that was very welcome . The room was comfortable and clean and fairly quiet . I could hear the train and some traffic from the street ( considering the location , this was n't bad and did n't affect my ability to sleep or relax ) . I would definitely recommend this hotel - a gem ! !
First room 's heating system sounded like we had a generator in our room . Second room had stool in the toilet and a smear on the linens ( which we did n't notice until morning-eeewwhh ! ) . The computer , scale and ink pen did n't work . The maintainance man took 30 mins to come unplug the toilet and dripped to toilet water through bathroom and on carpet . This room was quiet and the bed/pillows comfortable . The bath was large and water warm .
The Palmer House has a beautiful lobby with a great bar and restaurant . The rooms are way too small ! ! ! Two people in a room with a King size bed can barely move around . Not enough room for two suitcases . Our room was very outdated-reminded us of the movie The Shining . VERY NOISY ! ! ! ! Do n't expect a quiet stay . You can hear EVERYTHING that your neighbors are doing and saying not to mention everything that is happening in the hallways . We requested a room change as soon as we checked in . The room that we originally were in had a huge square cut out of the wall that had exposed pipes , bricks , dirt and dust . Oh and the construction for their renovations starts at 7 a.m. during the week . We will never stay at the Palmer House again . You are better off spending a few more dollars at a different hotel .
As a frequent traveler for work , I stay at many SPG properties . Compared to all the SPG property in Chicago , this is by far the worst . Why ? 1 ) They charge you to use the gym . $ 12 per day or something like $ 24 for your entire stay . I ca n't even begin on what a rip off that is . 2 ) As a Gold or Platinum member , you always get a complimentary water bottle in your room . They do not offer that option here and you have to make a fuss about it before they give you one . 3 ) They do not have wireless internet . It is 2010- enough said . To charge you at least over $ 200 a night , all the above amenities should be built into that cost . I would never stay here again .
We stayed at the James hotel for a 40th birthday . The location was excellent for shopping and restaurants , but also very loud . The room was horrible . VERY SMALL . We had a double/double and it was the size of a college dorm room , plus completely white walls and linens . Absolutely no color except for one accent pillow . It was very sterile and uninviting . We were on the 11th floor and the lobby for the elevator was dark and done in red and balck with minimal lighting . It looked like the entrance to hell , if not a haunted house . Staff was very nice and accomodating . I would not return to this hotel .
My husband , teenage son and myself stayed at this hotel last August . We were transferred there by tour operator who had sent us to a terrible hotel on the other side of Chicago . When I complained I asked for us to be transferred to the Sheraton which they arranged for us . I have stayed at many hotels in my life and this has been the best . The room ( although I know it was not the largest ) was beautiful and very clean with every amenity you needed . It also had superb views of the river and the lake . The entrance hall to the Sheraton is so imressive as is the leisure centre . In fact all areas are fantastic . The best thing about the hotel though was the staff ! From the bellboy , to the receptionists , the dining staff to the concierge - each one was courteous and so very helpful . One of the conciergies spent fifteen minutes on the phone trying to locate a specific pair of trainers for my son ! Above and beyond the call I would say ! I can not reccomend this hotel highly enough . The breakfast buffet cost about 10 dollars each but you could eat as much as you like and take as long as you like which we did ! ! It lasted us all day . If you have the choice of where to stay I think you will enjoy the Sheraton ! We did ! !
Stayed for 2 nights at The James , wonderful location 2 mins walk to Michigan Avenue with all the shops . Staff here were all incredibly helpful and genuinely friendly . Nothing was too much trouble . Rooms are huge and the beds the most comfortable I have slept in . Room was very clean , had separate seating area with sofa and chairs with a 42in flat screen tv . There was a bar area with stereo , mini bar and coffee maker . There was another flat screen tv in the bedroom area . Bathroom very good with complimentary shampoo , conditioner , shower gel and body lotion . Hotel is also `` pet friendly '' . There was even a large bowl of iced water and a barrel of dog biscuits at the front door of the hotel ! ! ! . Pets even had their own options on the room sevice menu .
Stayed at the Monaco for a romantic weekend getaway and it was simply fantastic . Very convenient for walking to museums , shopping and park nearby . The room has a great box window that you can sit in and enjoy the view . We also requested a goldfish which was a pleasant surprise and added to the charm and uniqueness of the hotel . Helpful staff , wifi , Aveda products , decent restaurant downstairs for brunch , easy to get a taxi and nothing beats the location . I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel , for business or pleasure .
My family and I have just had a two week holiday in Chicago , and we stayed for a week at the Hilton Towers . We had a fantastic time and enjoyed every minute of our stay at this incredible hotel . The sheer size of the place is breathtaking and the atmosphere is very friendly and hospitable . If you prefer discreet modern boutiquey-type hotels , maybe this would n't be your thing . However if you enjoy old style glamour and glitz , you will be bowled over by this hotel . The place literally sparkles thanks to the enormous chandeliers that are everywhere in the lobby . Tons of celebs have stayed here over the decades and the history of the hotel and past guests etc is fascinating . We got a very reasonable rate for our stay and could not fault anything about this very special place !
We stayed two nights . We were registered by a very unfriendly desk attendant . He was very cold . Our room was very , very small and the closet did not even hold the few clothes we packed for two days . The room was stylishly decorated but lacked the nice small touches such as an extra pillow in the closet . We were attracted to this hotel because a bar was on the ground level - however when we went to have a drink , the door to the bar was locked . We called to inquire why the sign said was open when it really was n't and were told they were short staffed , 'sorry ' . WHAT ? ? are you running here ? You are a hotel in the country 's third largest city and your amenities are open at whim ? This was our first and last visit to a Kimpton hotel .
The air-condition has a noisy fan/compressor in each room . It starts every 3 to 5 min and the noise will wake you up . At least the first night . This is an old fashion system that needs to be replaced . The postal service at the hotel is non-working . The hotel messed up our concert tickets that was correctly addressed and transported by UPS . The tickets were at the Hotel General Managers office . The reception denied that they had arrived . We had to spend most of a day travelling to the ticket agent to resolve it . The Hotel did not find any reason to apologize for the inconvenience . The concert was the reason for our travel to Chicago . Else , the Hotel had good standard , free internet in the lobby , not to good view from the rooms , and friendly staff at the restaurants and the bars . We had booked 20 room-nights all together staying at room 612 , 425 and 431 from the 23rd June .
I have stayed at the James a few times , it is my go to hotel in Chicago . This last trip makes me think it is time to start looking for other options . The Good : Location is awesome , just off Michigan Ave , Trader Joe 's across street for some healthier snacking . It is a great location , easy to walk most anywhere . The door staff are very friendly and helpful . The overall feeling is modern , upbeat . Turn down service with cookie is nice . Free Wifi ( which worked to varying degrees throughout stay ) The Bad : They claim to be a 4.5 star hotel , which to me , means better then a 4 star and online with a 5 star ( without a pool ) . They used to have Kiehls toiletries and now have `` Harmony '' brand . Additionally , they now have the large bottles attached to the wall which you get to share with the other guests that stayed in the room before you . It is what I would expect from Holiday Inn or my gym , but not a 4.5 star hotel . I asked about the switch ( mainly because when I booked they still had Kiehls in website description ) and they claimed that the reason they went the communal bottle route was to be `` green '' . That is hard to believe , as it 's not like the hotel is making other efforts to be green ( they still have incandescent light bulbs , housekeeping leaves the lights and radio on when they do turn down , they do n't recycle in room , etc ) . They are obviously trying to cut costs , and it shows . More : the rooms are in need of some updating , they are looking somewhat tired . My third floor room was quite loud with the motorcyclers trying to prove their manhood out front ( not their fault ) . Do n't take the stairs ( as the stairwell is straight out of horror movie ) , even though the wait for one of the two elevators might be awhile . The phone staff was fairly rude ( granted , they did n't like me questioning their toiletry change ) . I feel bad giving such a low rating , but it really did not come close to my expectations ( from previous stays there ) . I will start trying out new hotels in the area .
Got a good deal on a weekend pacage in this Hotel and have to say it is the nicest stay I have had in more than a dozen business trips to Chicago . All rooms are Suites , staff is friendly and professional , Restaurant is out of this world and all the extras like a great health club , turn down service , complimentary morning beverages delivered to room and on and on . Room was very clean and every need was attended to without feeling intruded on . Will definately stay here again .
Very disappointed in our stay in Chicago Monoco . We have stayed many times elsewhere , primarily in washington DC and are accustomed to great customer service , beverages like water or soda at the wine bar , coffee and papers in the morning , help with bags . Not only did the Chicago monoco do none of these things , the staff was not helpful , either . Requests were not honored and the staff did not seem happy to be there . YOu got the feeling you were `` bothering '' people if you asked a question . No bellman , the doorman did not open the door or help with bags . Even though we were traveling with a child , I had to request a fish when they did not bring it . Really baffling.. as we love the Monoco in Washington .
A very nice hotel with small but adequate rooms . The decor was lovely . My daughter and I spent 5-nights here , saw Wicked just down the street and used the public transportation to get all around town . Was a bit disappointed with the bar/restaurant which opened and closed it 's kitchen at will without regard to posted hours . The room description boasted of safe 's large enough to accomodate a laptop , so I brought mine . I was informed after check-in that the safes are not in every room ( and not in mine ) . As a side note , I was surprised that nearly all the shops many restaurants closed at 6pm in that area ... even the 7-11 .
My family has dubbed the Omni in Chicago `` Fawlty Towers '' because there always seems to be something wrong . This time our room was right above the kitchen and the odor of cooking grease wafted through our bedroom all night long . It smelled like a greasy spoon restaurant and it permeated all of our clothing . The bedroom window was bolted shut , so we could n't get any fresh air into the room . With the amount that the Omni is charging for a room , they should have a much better ventilation system .
I stayed at the Hilton Chicago because I was attending a conference at the hotel . The room was sufficient - had a coffee maker , bed , hangers , tv , etc . That 's about where my compliments end : *restaurant rates are outrageous . $ 21 for a breakfast buffet ? $ 25 to use the gym ? $ 7.50/hr for WiFi ! ? ! ? ! This is unacceptable when I 'm paying $ 249 per night . Thank goodness the ice was free . *servers in the restaurant and bar were surly , not well-versed in English , and just rude . *computer monitors in rooms are silly and turn on at random times during the night *conference was incredibly cold ... everybody was wearing their overcoats the entire time , despite our complaints to management . *fridge in room was not usable . had to store cold items in the ice bucket . *Cable channels just flat out SUCKED . I was soooo bored when I had to spend an hour in my room . If I 'm paying that much , at least provide the full 70 channels .
This hotel had a great location , but you can do much better for the money . The hallways smelled of smoke , dirty elevators , furniture in the lobby was thread bare . The staff was very helpful . The room was large , bed comfortable but the room was so musty and old smoke lingered . If you have any allergies do n't stay here !
We just returned from 4 nights at the Ambassador East . What a gem ! The location in the Gold Coast neighborhood is perfect for finding restaurants and walking the Magnificent Mile . There is a train station about 2 blocks away . The room was very comfortable , with nice amenities , and there is free Internet service on the 2nd floor . Best of all was the bell and lobby staff ! They really went out of their way to be helpful and greeted us warmly each time we left and arrived . I would say that this was the nicest hotel staff I 've encountered in all my travels .
I was really excited about staying at the Amalfi after reading several reviews online . Unfortunately , it was a very disappointing experience . When we arrived , we were told that there was a mistake and the hotel was oversold . So , we had to move to another hotel . Amalfi did take care of the other hotel , cab fare , and after much negotiating ... breakfast . We were traveling with 2 children and all of this was very inconvenient . Instead of getting up the next morning and going to the museum as we had planned , we had to get up , pack up our suitcases , check out of the hotel , take a cab , check back into the Amalfi , only then could we head to the museum . We were also told that our first night 's stay would be refunded . Well , more than 3 weeks and 3 phone calls later ... there still has n't been a refund . I ca n't even get a manager to call me back . The Amalfi was n't all bad , it is centrally located close to train and bus stops and has many restaurants within walking distance . The coctail reception had a nice selection of drinks and appetizers . However , it was in a very small room and there was no place to sit both nights we attended . One reason we picked the Amalfi was that it had 2 queen beds instead of doubles , but they seemed really small for queens . Our view from our room was of the alley . So , overall the best part of staying at the Amalfi was the night that we were sent to another hotel and had a wonderful view of the city from the 22nd floor . Very disappointing indeed !
Our suite at the Knickerbocker are quite nice , but the behavior and attitude of the staff is beyond abysmal . First , a member of the staff entered our room mid-day unannounced only to apologize after realizing that he failed to verify that we were present . Not a tremendous problem , but when the young woman at the front desk replied `` What do you want me to do about it '' with the tone of a flippant teenager , I began to suspect that a severe deficiency in manners may have been evident in the staff . Fast forward to this evening . Following a lovely meal off the premises , we chose to turn in a bit early at 11:30 pm only to discover that despite our best intentions , the bass from a party downstairs was more than audible in our room . Acting prudently and with restraint , we decided to phone the front desk to inquire as to why our room had been inadvertently annexed into the party downstairs , but yet again we were met with a curt and quite rude response . Sean at the front desk informed us that the party was a greater priority for the hotel , and that the family dictated that the music was to be set at a certain volume . On one hand I appreciated his honesty , but on the other , I truly would have preferred that he at least pretended to care about the guests who chose to stay at his property . Since we 're out of options for the evening , we 've decided to stay up and try to watch TV for the time being , but given the circumstances , the staff could have easily made up for the negative situations that arose in quick succession . Also , I was alarmed to learn that while I slept the prior night , a possible gang-related shooting took place mere blocks from the property . This would n't have been a concern if like nearby hotels , the Knickerbocker chose to enlist any type of security measures within their lobby . Would I stay here again ? Maybe on a dare , or if someone else was footing the bill . Yet I 've had better experiences in road side motels , and the employee training regimen could use a serious revamping to better serve the interests of the guests , and more importantly simple common sense .
While it was a nice hotel , but i am rather frustrated with them ! During our stay our room was cleaned twice by housekeeping . The first day was fine . Second day my diamond earrings came up missing . Noticed they were missing while in the packing up and checking out process . My biggest mistake was not staying there and dealing with this further . But we had a family reunion and funeral to get to . While the front desk was great and said they would handle it , I believe they say these things just to get you to go on about your way ! We filed a police report and the GM of the hotel is supposed to be working on it . We have called several times but receive no answers . They keep telling us the cleaning staff have been there 10 + years ... ..that dose n't matter to me ! If they are not held accountable what 's to stop them from taking anything . There is a dishwasher in the room , and they found my daughters ring ( which was in the same glass with my diamond earrings ) in the dishwasher . They say I put the cup in the dishwasher . First , I am on vacation , trust me i 'm NOT doing dishes ! Second , why would I wash one glass and leave the other dirty dishes in the room ? So , while it is a nice hotel ... .lock up your things of value ! They may come up `` missing '' and you 'll be left frustrated ! !
Ok , I just feel if you 're paying well over $ 200 for a room you should get something to show for it . The location was on Michigan Ave but if I pay just a little more I could have had way better ( Peninsula , Park Hyatt , shoot the Omni was 10x better ) . We ordered a deluxe executive suite , and it was so below sub par . The room was very small ( so small the ice bucket was in the closet ) , the bathroom was just as small , just well lit ( a plus ) . Wallpaper was peeling , outlets barely covered , no view . The only thing appealing was the bed , and that may have been because I was so tired . And we were really excited because this is the Palmer House . The Palmer House does have nice restaurants : the Lockwood ( quiet , distinguished ) and the Potter 's Lounge ( grown/sexy )
I was very disappointed with the hotel this time . They seem to be coming down in quality quite a bit . The clientele also seem to be of a lower quality . The lobby was quite a rambunctious scene with no one on staff seeming to notice . The house keeper only did the bare minimum in the room each day and did not replace the used toiletries or the coffee ; she also left the dirty coffee cups in the room . I think I will have to stay with the InterContinental next time .
Very centrally located in the Loop directly south of the 7th Day Adventist Church ( my room looked down upon Wacker Drive , the aforementioned church and the Chicago River . Small room , virtually no storage space . Attended a conference with the Monaco as venue . They provided adequate service , with no problems . This was the first time I spent with a Kimpton Hotel and I registered for their Frequent Stay program . I never felt comfortable in this hotel . I 'm 60 yrs old and it appears the clientele they target is half my age . Rude front deskperson of unidentifiable gender . The young people can have at it . I 'll stay at the Marriott Michigan Ave next time .
I stayed here for about a week during a conference and the service was excellent . In addition to the excellent service the location was great . With quick access to Michigan Ave.. The bars and Shula 's restaurant were excellent . You must have the rib-eye steak ... very well done .
When I called to edit my existing reservation , I was placed on hold for 30 minutes ! Finally someone came on the phone and said , `` Ill have to transfer you '' , so I was put on hold for another 5 minutes . When I finally did get to speak to someone , as I was going through my changes , I asked her to send me a revised copy of the reservation to which she huffed and acted very put off . Before she was able to disconnect with me , I said `` I have one more question '' to which she replied `` I 'm working at the front desk and I have customers waiting ! '' I thought , so am I not your customer ? pathetic and rude . Hotel better find some better employees for their guests to truly enjoy their stay .
The sheraton was a wonderful hotel ! When me and my mom flew in we were really tired so we decided to take a quick nap . We didnt want to get up ! The beds are absolutely to die for . I wanted to take it home with me . The service was great and this was probably one of the biggest if not the biggest hotel ive ever stayed in . They had a really nice restaurant inside with excellent food .
We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in August . We waited a while to check in even though there were quite a few desks open , this was a little annoying as the receptionists seemed to work in two 's . Our room had a great view of Navy Pier and was a good size . The bed was very comfortable and the room was spotlessly clean . The location of the hotel is the best , we walked to Navy Pier and Michigan Ave . The breakfast buffet was great although a little pricey and the bar very relaxing for a nightcap or two . Would certainly recommend this hotel and would stay here again .
We absolutely loved the Knickerbocker . Now , if you expect your hotels to be cookie cutter comfortable , forget this place . If Holiday Inns are like the rows of housing developments in the suburbs , the Knickerbocker is like those beautiful old houses in the center of the city . The location is great , the hotel bar is cozy and classy , and the rooms feel like guest bedrooms in Victorian mansions . For the price , you simply ca n't do any better than this in downtown Chicago .
Will start by saying the employees were wonderful , especially in the restaurant / bar employees , could not have been nicer ... ..what appeared to be the hotel manager went above and beyond ... .Unfortunately , that 's where it ends ! The rooms , in my opinion , appeared different then pictures and were worn and ratty ... you know , uninviting sofa and crappy coffee table and desk area ... the first room I was given had bright construction lights shining in my room and men working on the next building that were looking directly into my window ! ! I kid you not ; they seemed as if they were about 15-20 ft from my window ! ! And this was after I specifically had asked for a room that might have a decent view..I was then switched to a room that had virtually no light and was truly , again ... just worn out ! ! ! NOT a 4 star hotel , this seemed to be closer to a 2 , perhaps being extremely kind 3 star ... I travel on business so I know the difference ... I merely touched the cabinet door on the bar unit and it literally fell off in my hand ! I complained to a very nice woman from housekeeping and to her credit , she made sure the door was fixed ASAP . They gave me a bottle of wine to compensate..which I utilized to dull my senses as to my surroundings for the next 2 days ... .I wanted to give Omni a shot ... big mistake ... Unfortunately , brought a friend with me to show her how great Chicago was and I was soooo embarrassed , as I had chosen the hotel ... She was extremely disappointed as well ... should have gone with my first instinct which was the Conrad ! ! Lesson learned !
This hotel was chosen for me for a business convention . The lobby was pretty cool . But the rooms were tiny and very dark . I had a huge picture of Kiss above my toilet . It was very hard to do my makeup or read because of the lighting . The location is OK. You have to walk a few blocks to get to the best part of Michigan Ave , but its not too bad . Be prepared for some sad sights after dark . Apparently panhandling is permitted in Chicago ( some cities will give you a ticket for begging ) because at night , the beggars come out . The saddest thing i saw was an older woman with her two grandkids sitting on a curb in the freezing snow on a -5 temp night . Those kids looked terrible . Unfortunatly its all up and down the wealthiest part of the city . You do n't see so many in the daylight . Also the room service at the Hard Rock is pretty good . Its plenty for 2 people . I would not stay here again though . I suggest the Omni Hotel .
Under the gloss of a nice building , friendly staff , and a wild set of items in the minibar , this is somewhat below-average hotel . In particular , the bed and chairs were some of the least comfortable I ever encountered . After two nights , my wife and I were practically cripped by bed pain . We complained to the staff and were immediately offered the chance to switch to a different room , but the other room was furnished identically . The owners of the Omni need to stop spending money on bath salts for the rooms and invest in the basic comforts . I should not be lying on the floor , trying to unkink my back , thinking longingly of the last Red Roof Inn I visited .
This hotel was magnificent ! Not only was it a mini palace , but the staff was polite , helpful , and professional . In an e-mail I received before we left for Chicago , the concierge , Les , offered to get us tickets , directions , reservations to anything we 'd like to see/do . He also got us an upgrade on our room , and when someone rudely butted in line as we were registering , the registry person said they would upgrade our room just for that . And so we were granted a beautiful suite complete with king size bed and jacuzzi . The bed and the linens were so comfortably both of us slept late every morning !
We 've stayed here before but this time around was a marked difference in quality and service - the staff was n't rude , just incompetent . For example , we ordered wine glasses for the room because the hotel no longer services a mini bar in the room , which seemed like a really cheap way to go for this type of hotel . Nonetheless , the staff brought us 4 coffee mugs ... The list of issues goes on unfortunately , including the low grade in-room movie options - our audio and video did not sync on our rental ; we eventually had to stop watching after 20 minutes . And the room itself was not clean ; the bathroom sink vent holes were black with mold . Clearly the hotel has pulled back on not only amenities , but training or sufficient staff ... oh , but the price point for this hotel has stayed the same . Find a newer hotel , there are many in this great city .
Spent a wonderful night at the Amalfi with friends . The evening reception was very nice and the staff was very attentive . Breakfast was a plus , rooms were cozy and very clean . Would not hesitate to go back again .
Well , this used to be a Le Meridian Hotel , and it has changed for the worse . We kept having to remind them we booked a package , because we were being over-charged separately for everything , when it should have been included . We were supposed to have champagne in the room upon arrival , and did not . Two phone calls and three hours later , it finally showed up . We tried to have a drink in the bar , and even though we were the ONLY people there , three servers/bartenders came and went , talking to each other , not one of them acknowledging us . After ten minutes we left the hotel and went down the street for a drink . And do n't bother to pay extra for `` City View '' ; because you may get the view we had from only the sixth floor , looking across the street directly into a plain brick wall - that is all we could see . Oh yes , the valet lost his cell phone in someone 's car , and called me at home today to see if we found it . He wanted me to call him back at home . Nice of the hotel to give out our personal information to the staff , huh ? For the money , stay at any other hotel in Chicago with the same price-point and it will be much much better .
We stayed at the Ritz Carlton two weeks prior , and in comparison the Sofitel does not come close . With the deal the Ritz Carlton is putting on right now , stay two nights ... get one free , choose the nicer option ! Pros : Room Service : Quick ! 15 minutes tops . Bathroom : Large bathroom with a separate shower and tub . Lobby : Very impressive , and the doormen are on top of opening the doors and hailing a cab for you . Location : Close to the train station and MI Ave. Cons : NO TOP SHEET ! We asked the others at the conference , they confirmed ... there is no top sheet . You just sleep with the duvet cover over you . Room : -Small , and not a fan of the modern decor . -Broken closet door , the bottom track was bent . By the last day my husband removed the closet door completely so I could get to my things . -Barely any storage : closet was teeny tiny anyways , almost no bigger than a tall locker , only the top drawers of the nightstands open . -Shower : Horrible water pressure . -The cleaning staff did not replace shampoo , soap , etc . Had to call the front desk , and they delivered within 10 mins . -The cleaning staff did not replace our duvet cover during the three nights we were there , realized this as I still noticed a stain we made the first night . I made sure not to leave the `` save the water '' card out . They changed our towels , but not the bedding ? ? ? -Our room was at the end of the hall across from where the staff enter , and you could heard that door slam shut all hours of the day . -They charge for Wi-Fi ! -You can change the settings on the tv ... brightness , etc .
If you 're in Chicago and want to stay in The Loop , The Allegro Hotel is perfect for you . It 's centrally located , stylish rooms and attentive staff . I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and was very pleased with everything . The bed was very comfy and had plenty of fluffy pillows , large flat screen tv , radio with ipod docking station and bathroom was hip and clean . Everyone that I came in contact with was very friendly and helpful . My last day there , I ordered room service and not only was my meal perfect and delivered on time , the kitchen called to see if everything was alright . I have never had that kind of follow up service . I 've stayed at the Palomar in DC , another Kimpton hotel and received exceptional service there too . I will definitely see if Kimpton has a hotel at my next destination .
I was scheduled to stay at the Hard Rock in June , but had to cancel . I had booked the hotel back in January . When I called six days before my arrival date to cancel , I was told that I would be charged for my stay because I did not cancel seven days in advance . I told the customer service rep that I had never heard of such a practice , but she said , in a very smug manner , that I was told back in January . I honestly do n't remember being told of the cancellation policy , but think it is a unprofessional practice to capture some additional dollars since it is not an industry standard to require a seven day cancellation policy when you book directly with the hotel . I , for one , will never stay at a Hard Rock hotel and will make sure that my friends and business associaties know of this unfair practice .
First let me say , I try not to be too critical , but in some cases the truth is warranted ! We checked in and things seemed fine . Location was excellent . Woke up the first morning , to a slightly rumpled bed covered in `` stains '' , I hope-filthy and not 4 star hotel quality . Requested a linen change and heard a knock on the door- a gentleman was there to let me know if I wanted it done to take off the privacy sign , I did and no one even came until later in the day . The room was big enough , had no drawers , suposedly remodeled but carpet did n't reach the wall , toilet paper holder fell off constantly and shower head was broken . The mirrors were great and the water was always hot ! The walls were paper thin , I heard every conversation the guests next door had . They were not noisy but you could hear everything including the t.v . through the walls and vents . Internet was $ 13.00 , worked for a bit and then not again , I called customer service and spent 25 minutes on the phone and they asked if they could work on resetting the system and call back later . The hotel did give us a credit for the charges . At this point , enough was enough , we packed our bags and checked out . The front desk was very helpful- kudos to Rocco for caring and being the only friendly staff we saw other than the bell hops ! !
We stayed at the Swissotel for a three day weekend , and were disappointed to see the construction when we arrived . Is it just me , or is this information not clearly stated on their website ? A giant tarp where a lobby should have been was pretty weird and unwelcoming . The room itself was fine . More bland and generic than the `` European elegance '' claimed on their website . The lack of hot water , was definitely not fine though . There were a couple pluses to our stay at Swissotel . The location is good , the bed was comfortable and the room was clean . These few good points certainly did not redeem our experience , and I would n't pick this place again , even post-construction .
I booked this hotel on Priceline for 4/13 , and a week later called the hotel directly to add 4/12 to our stay . The receptionist confirmed my reservation confirmation # and gave me a lower rate for both nights for the same king suite . When we arrived at check-in , there was no record of my 4/12 reservation whatsoever . The hotel was also fully booked , leaving my tired , hungry family and I high and dry with nowhere to go . The only decent thing that happened with this whole debacle was that Lisa at the check-in desk called around to several other hotels close-by to find us a room , and seemed to be the only employee working at a very busy time of evening . We ended up at Embassy Suites for both nights and had a very pleasant experience there .
Stayed in old tower . Room was nice and room service was very good . Room Wi-Fi was expensive as was the bottled water . For the price of the room , at least there should at least have been water . I would rate the value as sub-par . The restaurant menu was not great , food mediocre by comparison to other downtown Chicago restaurants and the service was below average especially since there were only three tables in use in the entire restaurant.. In summary , I will go to the M ... or H ... next time . Some of the above comments are based on a previous week resort stay on the outer banks of North Carolina and earlier this year in Northern California . P.S . If you are a fitness room user , the $ 16 per stay per person is a good deal at this hotel .
I love this hotel . It is one of the best that I have stayed in . The lobby was beautiful and the room was nice and comfortable . The made services was terrific . No matter what time we left the room it was made up when we came back . I asked the maid for a couple of extras and she was very nice and friendly . That is what I liked about the hotel the staff was so nice and friendly . I was there with my daughter for a girl 's weekend from Thursday - Sunday . Everyone from the doorman to the concierge to the people at the desk etc . was wonderful . I ca n't say enough good about this hotel . Yes the bathroom was small , but I was n't moving into the room . I was just staying there a few days and was hardly in the room anyway . I will definitely stay there again
I 'm sitting in the hotel as I right this review and am not impressed with the room . The hotel is not modern in the least - it feels like you 're staying in your grandmother 's attic . Wallpaper is peeling off the wall , not well lit , very few outlets in the room -- especially convenient ones ( none next to the bed or built into lamps ) , terrible views and loud construction noises woke me up at 7am . Even the location is off the beaten path - closest L stop is on the Red Line -- so not accessible via the loop stops on the blue line from the airport without transferring . Health club is not on site either . There are hundreds of other hotels I would stay in over this one .
This hotel has a great location , and very friendly staff . However , the physical condition of the property has certainly fallen behind the competition . I use to be a regular at this hotel . . . but have not been back for 15 years . Rooms have not been well maintained ( old carpets frayed at doors ) , wall paper peeling off of the walls , TV 's from the 80 's . There is currently construction going on in the lobby area , making it impossible to get to the restaurant without leaving the hotel and walking to an outside door .
We stayed in the Conrad for 4 nights just before Thanksgiving . We had a corner room overlooking N Michigan Av and the Tribune Building . To say this is a 5 star hotel is to damn this place with faint praise - it is wonderful . The staff were unbelievably helpful . The standard of the room was superb - HD plasma screens , luxury bedlinens , iPod radio , huge bathroom . Location is unbeatable - right in the heart of everything - watched the whole Light Festival parade from the window . Breakfasts were excellent - no help yourself buffet here - with full and attentive table service . Would have no hesitation recommending or staying again in this hotel - 5 out of 5 .
The Conrad Hotel is a beautiful hotel . Our room was perfect and beautiful in every way . I was very impressed ( and I am hard to please and have high standards ) . It was so clean , aesthetically pleasing , up to date , just gorgeous ! I would definitely stay there again . I loved it . The location is superb too , attached to Nordstrom and Northbridge mall . Ca n't wait to go back !
Maybe it was because we booked thru priceline that we were treated like second rate guest - could n't get a room thru Fairmont website as busy weekend with Ryder Cup ... ..but never have had this experience in using priceline before . The night time check in girl was rude and unhelpful . We were told no options to pay for upgrade or king bed and that we were stuck with two tiny beds and a ugly room . We had comforter with dirt in several places - and a bathroom for handicap with no counter space - had to use ironing board for toiletries . This hotel is huge and not at capacity - may have had a renovation but the good look of this hotel stops at the lobby . Hallways , rooms , carpet run down - just not what you come to expect of a fairmont . I have stayed in many all over the world and this is by far the worst . Maybe because we were on a low floor it was not updated ... we paid as much as other guest and I 'm a Fairmont Gold member . Positives - great location , daytime staff helpful at desk - they have two bikes to borrow which is handy . Views could be great if you get a higher room . Checked out the Raddison Blu across street - looked much nicer ! ! !
Stayed in a Junior Suite which was beautiful and spacious . It had the largest flat screen tv I have ever seen in a hotel ( great excuse to catch up on some movies ) The breakfast buffet was great and was served in the hotels huge atrium which was nice . The service was top notch . Stayed in a lower floor in the East tower which was great as there was no waits for an elevator and they were always empty . The Shed aquarium was a complete waste of time and money but the Field musium was amazing . Chicago remains tied with London as my favourite city .
The location of this hotel is excellent . The hotel itself is not a 4 star like they say - in my opinion . The room decor is horrible ( probably more European than I am used to ) and the room is small and furnished like an old apartment . On the upside , if you want to stay in a great location , feel safe , and can put up with some aesthetic issues and can get a great deal then this will work . I prefer Westin or Marriott ... something that you can count on .
I was very much looking forward to our stay at this hotel , after hearing all the good things about it . Unfortunately , it was a very underwhelming experience , to say the least . But let me begin with the things that I do like about the hotel . First off , it is located my favorite part of Chicago - the leafy , affluent part of town that is Chicago 's equivalent of Manhattan 's Upper East Side , complete with sidewalks , quiet tree-lined streets , real old-school townhouses ( instead of ugly towering monstrosities that are 21st century condominiums ) , cute boutiques ( instead of Gap , Banana Republic and other mainstream mass-produced brands ) and , of course , Hermes of Paris ( which warrants a separate mention ) . I also like the small intimate lobby area with old leather couches , cherry colored wooden furnitures , area rugs and distinct artwork . The very reason why I always tend to gravitate toward smaller boutique hotels instead of impersonal chains . I definitely love the room . While the space issue is not as bad in Chicago as it is in Manhattan , getting a 400-sqft guestroom for our weekend getaway is not an easy task . So we were delighted to see that our room comes with generous , ample bathroom , double sink , massive king bed AND still enough space to walk around , do a chicken dance , and strut my Herve and Louboutins in . My only reservation was the lack of natural light - the windows were definitely inadequate to allow sunlight to find its way into our 11th-floor room , but then again Delaware St is not exactly the widest street in town and there are buildings in front of us , so ca n't have it all ! Yet one thing that really disappointed us was the service , or lack thereof . I mean , seriously . They do n't call it the 'hospitality ' industry for no reason . I did pay a premium to stay in smaller boutique hotels such as this so I do get a service that is a little bit more personalized than the kind that I would be getting from say , a 3000-room Vegas hotel . First , I called in to reconfirm my reservation . The lady on the phone was anything but courteous and competent . First off , she was not able to find my reservation and I was transferred to the front desk staff , to whom I had to explain myself all over again ( my pet peeve when it comes to on-the-phone customer service ) . The person who manned the reception desk was not friendly , nor was he at all competent either . Case in point - he had to send the slip of paper on which I agree to the nightly rate and duration of stay up to the room after we checked in , which clearly indicated that he must have forgotten when we were actually down there . But the real kicker was when we ordered room service after arriving - it was about 1AM . As a general rule , I am never , ever , a big fan of room service , having had my fair share of bad food that they slap 18 % gratuity , 10.5 % tax ( and still expect a tip ) on during my days globetrotting on the company 's expense account . Think overcooked steaks , lukewarm soup , bread hard enough to knock someone out , and ice-creams that are already half melted by the time it reaches your suite . So I really was n't expecting hotels as small as Talbott to have a 24-hour room service , but lo and behold , they do . I placed an order of chicken BLT , which ( to my initial delight ) came in within 20 minutes . Then after the customary of the invoice and the involuntary yet customary tip of $ 2 on top of the 18 % service fee ( refer above ) I opened the cover only to find something that looked like it was picked up from the garbage bin , microwaved and served on a plate with a bag of Lay 's chips ( lightly salted flavor ) . The bread looked like someone stomped on it , the L and T looked like it was 2 days old , the B was unrecognizable , and the chicken was burnt and cold . It was pathetic room service at its finest . We did get the item taken off our bill ( rightfully so too ) but the front desk person was , instead of apologetic , defiant . The whole thing was just very upsetting and for a hotel as high-end as this to be able to leave such a bad impression within the first hour of arriving , it 's quite an accomplishment in and of itself . We wo n't be coming back , unfortunately .
In from Minneapolis and was hoping to stay on Michigan Ave at hotel . When we arrived we were told a previous guest had extended their stay so we did not have a room . The hotel moved us to another hotel 2 miles away in a less than desireable location . Management on duty was unfriendly and even stated they would call security if we did not leave . They gave us $ 15 for cab fare . Will never stay there again . Happened to numerous guests the same weekend .
`` Barely Average Hotel at Premium Price '' This hotel has a beautiful lobby but fails to fails to maintain its standards beyond the lobby . I have stayed in the Conrad in Dublin , Ireland and in HongKong both of which I loved . I was looking forward to staying at this hotel . I was extremely disappointed . I am very surprised that this hotel is allowed to carry the Conrad name . Pros : Elegant lobby nicely decorated with fresh flowers Location : Located in the Heart of Chicago Disappointments - Stained and worn out carpet in hallway - Room was small - Phone and lightbulb in room were broken - Breakfast was $ 60 for two people , service was slow and impolite - Hotel rationed soaps and shampoo , one bar of soap to share and one bottle of shampoo which was not replaced for two days , I felt like I was staying at a budget hotel . and to cap off my stay the hotel made a billing error which took three months and more effort than it was worth to correct . I would not stay at this hotel again , It just is not worth the premium price they charge .
i was in chicago from september 17-22 for a convention.. my company booked this hotel for me . the hotel is centrally located , michican ave is less than a block away . perfect location ! the suites are huge with comfy beds and a beautiful kitchenette . breakfast is the best ... bountiful.. not just muffins and toast ... i mean everything you can imagine ... waffles , bacon , sausage , hash browns , toast , danishes , omelets , burritos , all freshly made ... not artifical ... really good . and clean .. also they have a free dinner ... buffet.. excellent ... mexican night , chinese night , american fare.. all included.. wine and beer also.. well worth the expensive price of $ 279 a night . a very classy and clean hotel.. i love chicago ... will come again !
We chose to stay at a small hotel because we did were looking for a hotel with less crowds . We anticipated we would get better service in a smaller hotel , than some of the other larger high rise hotels . We did not experience very good service at the Talbott Hotel . When we checked Irena seemed very robotic and aloof . The front desk clerks were neither welcoming nor gracious . The lobby is small and the front desk is just a few feet from the front door . Each time we came into the hotel we were never greeted nor even received a smile from the staff , just a blank stare and gaze . The front desk staff was chilly and stiff , no greetings , no smiles and no personality . They had difficulty answering simple questions or requests . On the other hand the bellman Perry was great . He was sociable and very service oriented . He was aware of what is going on in the area . He recognizes the guests and he offered suggestions about things to do in the immediate area , and where to eat in the neighborhood . He is authentic and he even asked us upon our return `` how was that restaurant ? '' Tim the concierge was also supportive . He gave us 10 % discount coupons for shopping at the major department stores . We had the largest suite . We requested a rollaway ( extra charge ) when we made our reservation and we had to ask five different times to have the rollaway bed delivered to our room before it came after 10PM . When the rollaway finally came we had to call back the front desk because they did not deliver a blanket or pillow with the bed . What made our Talbott hotel experience most disappointing was that we may have never received any housekeeping unless we had asked to have our room cleaned . We were out of our room from 8AM and when we returned to our room at 4PM the rooms had not been cleaned . We called the front desk to ask to send someone . The maid rushed to clean our room while we had to shower and change for the evening . The room itself was pleasant . It did have a moldy smell and some Frabreez would have been nice to bring along since the windows do not open much . We were next to a noisy neighbor and the walls were thin . We really liked staying in this area of Chicago but expected first rate service . The service was very weak and unacceptable for this class of hotel .
The Hard Rock hotel is great for a relaxing getaway . The rooms are quiet , the bed is comfortable and the bathroom is a nice size . We had fabulous service and got a great rate . Other than the fact that there were no bathrobes ( it 's listed as an amenity ) and the Sony radio did n't work , it was perfect . Would definitely stay there again !
Swisses Chicago : Nice , but lacking in some pretty basic expectations in our modern era in a great spot along the Chicago waterfront . A spacious room is a comfortable respite from the city , but do n't plug in your computer or hope for a free donut in the morning . No free WiFi here , or affordable breakfast , or a free swim in the pool . Just a ten-dollar-a-night charge for internet , an on average $ 25 plate for breakfast , and another 15 bucks a night for the `` fitness center . '' I 've stayed in small town no star motels where WiFi is free as part of a 50 dollar room . Get with it - this is 2009 ! No free breakfast is not so bad as you probably ate too much for dinner and do n't need it anyway , but for those of us who are n't charging everything to the company card some basics would be appreciated . Coffee , milk , OJ ; stale donuts , , muffins , maybe some cereal . Throw us a little something besides fruit flavored water in the lobby . With regards to swimming , this is another one wrapped up in a fitness center fee but the pool is only open till 10 pm plan accordingly . This all makes the $ 6 Fiji bottled water in the room seem like a bargain . Summation : Drop the fees , the nickel dimming of folks , and just charge what you need to charge to compliment what is otherwise a nice hotel .
Avoid The Talbot , especially for group functions . My in-laws spent a great deal of time trying to find just the right hotel to use for our wedding party and several out of town guests . They were lured in by promises from The Talbot , that since they were a small boutique hotel that they could provide `` special , personal treatment '' . Nothing could have been further from the truth . They failed to honor two requests to keep the bar open after our reception , they persistently confused reservation requests , they front desk failed to contact the valet despite multiple requests and nearly caused of my guests , his wife , and his two year old daughter to miss their departing flight . Now the worse part . Mistakes are made , even hotel managers are human , but where a hotel , which is supposed to be in the hospitality service , can distinguish itself is in how they handle and correct the error . Case in point : I had requested on several occasions when I made the reservations for my family that they all be placed under my credit card , all expenses , they assurred me that this would be no problem . Of course , when my brother , his wife , and asthmatic five year old arrived to searing hot and humid Chicago after six hours of travel they would n't let them check in until they physically saw my card ... again despite them having my card on record , and despite my explaining this to them over the phone . My brother recalls the `` indignation '' of the desk clerk when he mentioned that the charges were to be put on my card . Then Another guest , in this case my older brother , came by and put the charges onto his card so that the five year old could escape the heat and the prolonged waiting in the lobby . When I finally was able to get across town , leaving a Cubs game early , I again spoke to them about putting all the charges on my account . Again they agreed , but never did anything about it . In the end when my older brother checked out on Sunday he was told everything was alright , but when he went to his ATM his account was frozen from `` unathorized overuse '' . The hotel kept billing his debit card automatically for multiple charges ubtil his account was essentially drained . When he got home he had to take an entire day off to discuss with his bank how to rectify these events . I spent Sunday afternoon for an hour and three hours on Monday , the first two days of my honeymoon on the phone , calling The Talbot , the credit card fraud division , my brother , etc trying to solve this situation . The most aggregious insults continued to come form the covering manager , who at one point suggested that `` I was mistaken about coming back down to talk with the desk clerk about these matters '' ... . this was a witnessed event , and her insinuation was that I was lying , and that there was no way her clerk could have made a mistake . In the end , there is no one running this place ... managers from one department refer you to the manager of another departments voice mail . When I was finally able to get the name of the general manager ( after two days ) m neither he nor his assistant would ever call back . The communication between the staff and mangement is non-existant . Fortuneatly the staff at the Signature Room ( where we had the reception ) was beyond excellent so the day was not lost , but the The Talbot went out of its way to insult and poorly serve my family and many of our wedding guests . Try The Ambassador East ( same neighborhood ) cheaper , much more professional staff .
Two main issues : ( 1 ) understaffed from the street to the front desk . Unfortunately I had to drive into the city , when I arrived there was an excessively long wait for parking . Then inside , there was a huge queue line with just one clerk working in a big city hotel . Not good ( I will say friendly however ) ( 2 ) I know this is a big city , but , $ 49 a night to park my car when I 'm staying at that hotel ? Really ? ? That 's unreasonable and a bit gouging in my opinion . Again , I realize this is Chicago , but , I 'm already paying a hefty price for this outdated hotel .
We arrived at 10:30 am on a Friday , and they had a room ready for us by 11:30 am , mind you check in is not until 3:00pm . We got our room on Priceline for $ 65.00 per night and stayed 3 nights . We were upgraded - for free - to a suite . I think I was so blown away by that , that I forgot to thank them at check-in ! Our room was fantastic . It also had a wet bar and a fridge . The bathroom was quite large and had a nice sized closet with many hangers . I knew from previous reviews to not touch the mini-bar . The bed and pillows were very comfortable . The room was very clean . Every employee there went out of their way to be friendly and helpful . We stayed on the 25th floor of the east tower and had a quiet room . Yes , you could hear people in the hallways , but only because they were rude and were yelling . These were not children , they were adults . I do n't know why everyone complains about $ 48 for parking . This is Chicago and every other hotel we saw charged just as much , some without in/out privledges . We did n't use any of the restaurants or the health club . We tried to eat at the Corner Bakery but it was too crowded . Breakfast at nearby Houlihan 's had a buffet for $ 9.99 per person . Also the grocery store behind the hotel is great . There is a 7-11 not too far away . I do n't know why there are so many bad reviews on this hotel . Yes , it 's a big hotel . If you do n't want a busy lobby , do n't stay in a 2,000 plus room hotel ! ! I loved the Hotel and would recommend it to anyone . Not one problem . Was n't too busy for me . Would stay here again in a heartbeat .
We just arrived from a 3 nights stay at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower . It was faboulous . Fine Linen , nice room with bigs windows , bathroom with a shower , flat TV . Check for the deals on the Sofitel website , we had 3 nights for the price of two !
I had purchased this deal of off groupon . Lets just say we found a bunch of hidden treasures . when We layed down to sleep in our bed . We lifted our blanket and found very distubing spotting on our bed ( attached in photos ) , we immediatly called the front desk . The only thing they offered was a new set of sheets . when the room service men came to change the sheets he brought us another one with a big red stain on it and quickly/hid changed it before we seen it and he apologized and offered to bring us new ones once again . we denied since it was so late and just slept on the sheets the appeared to be clean . Then next day i eagerly showed the fronk desk and manager the photos , and they offered me a ( $ 68 ) refund . I was very dissapointed , and dirty sheets that made us very uncomfortable and sleepless and I broke out on my face with ACNE ( i never had a acne or skin issues ) im positive something in those dirtyy sheets . We drove 4.5 hours to enjoy Chicago and we stayed @ the hard rock based on reputatuion , and unfortunitly we were very disspointed . it was DISGUSTING ! I then wrote a Email to management and HEARD NOTHING BACK . NOT even a response or apology . I just really expected alot more .
We 've just returned from a two night stay at the Affinia Chicago and our visit was delightful . Thanks to tripadvisor reviews we were prepared for the major construction work on the facade and entrance..it was a mess . And the hotel restaurant and bar remain incomplete and unavailable . Even parts of the lobby had `` wet paint '' stickers . All these things could have made for a disappointing stay . Not so ! ! Although we arrived very early in the day our suite was ready along with a most warm and gracious greeting from the front desk staff . After just a few minutes we felt like we were `` at home . '' The suite on the 25th floor , with a fab view along a wall of windows , was sparkling fresh and clean . The bathroom lighting was outstanding and led to my bride of nearly 50 years saying that it made her look younger ... she was right ! Everything in and about the room was `` like-new '' and very stylish . As a visitor we appreciated the very convenient location just a few steps from the Magnificient Mile and all of its ambiance . Thanks to a dedicated and gracious staff , a fantastic location , and chic decorating elements , this hotel can and will be our future hotel of choice in Chicago . The stay was short..but sweet .
The room itself was fine and comfortable ( very peaceful ) , but the customer service by the so-called , concierge or `` experience something or the others '' left much to be desired . First , I arrived and the doorman walked me to the desk . I was not greeted with the usual `` Hello , welcome to ... '' . Instead , I got , `` Your name ? ID ? '' No , `` hello '' , no `` welcome to the Amalfi Hotel , '' just plain old poor customer service from the very beginning ! That left a very bad taste in my mouth , but I decided to let it go and see how the rest of my stay was .
Me , My sister and my best friend all went to stay here in the summer of 2004 ... they said there all spacious suites ... yeah right ... our room you could barely walk in ... and they said theres 2 double beds ... yeah well one was a pull out couch ... and the bathroom ... tiny tiny tiny ... and it took forever and a day to check in and the people blamed us for throwing a book out the window and somehow someone knew exactly where it fell from and which room ... yeah ... i wouldnt stay here again
As we pulled away in a taxi heading to the airport for our trip home my wife turned to me and said `` We picked the right place . '' Having chosen the Talbott from other Trip Advisor reviews I found myself thinking in terms of a Trip Advisor review when we arrived . Nice entrance , friendly reception , I noticed everything and immediately knew the Talbott was a non-corporate warm hotel with touches not typically seen in big name hotel chains . The smell of the elevator and attention to decorative details strongly reminded me of Europe , simple , not overstated but elegant . The location is great , there was light snow but we walked to the Art Institute , Rush Street , the Theater District , and we 're from California where anything below 50 degrees keeps us inside ! All I can say is if you are the kind of traveler that wants comfort , class and somewhere unique , stay at the Talbott . Oh yeah , we were in a room that looked down at the construction , we were on the 15th floor and could not hear a sound , it was very quiet .
My wife and I just spent the Labor Day weekend in the city , choosing the Hard Rock Hotel as our pad . We 've stayed at the HRH in Orlando twice and are blown away by the ambience there . It 's not that way here . These may be all ticky tacky things , but they added up to us . First of all , the room . We upgraded our reservation thru the HRH website for a room with `` an Incredible view '' . Well , our 9th floor view was of nothing more than the venting on top of the building next to us . That was all we could see . So there was no view . The room was muggy . We had the air turned down all the way and it never got below 74 . We woke up sweaty both days . When we opened the window to get a breeze , the noise from the rooftop next to us was overbearing . The room was small and dark , but it did n't bother us that much . The bed may have been the mosr comfortable bed I ever slept in . And we even joked about stealing the pillows ! We had the same issue with the honor bar as a previous poster , but they removed the charges no prob . Throughout the entire hotel , I counted a total of 3 pieces of music memorabilia . I thought it was a pretty cheesy attempt to renovate an old hotel , throw a Styx guitar on the wall , and slap a HRH emblem on the outside . The hotel itself was very clean and did not look like a renovation . The location is good , right on the south end of the mag mile , but there are 10-15 better hotels in a better location to shopping , quality eats , and Navy Pier . If you have a car , parking will cost you $ 38/day , which is prob normal for downtown . The hotel restaurant was a Chinese restaurant . The bar was small and trendy , and I guess the kicker to it all was that my wife tried to order a Pina Colada and they told us they did n't have a blender . WHAAT ? ? ? ? A HRH without a blender ? Did they not know that Jimmy Buffet was in town ? ? ? ? Mind blowing ! I would never , never , never go back here . Like I said , there are many better hotels in much better locations . I will stay at the HRH in Orlando or elsewhere again .
We stayed at the Hard Rock for one night to do some intense , day-after-Thanksgiving shopping . It really is a great hotel . The rooms are really cool , and we were just in the basic one . The bed is extremely comfortable , with the softest sheets and great pillows . The technology in the room is great . They have nice upscale tolietries in the bathrooms . For a very modern room , it is still comfortable and homey . The location is perfect for getting wherever you want to go . The staff were very nice and helpful . The bar is really funky with an interesting martini menu . One of the best hotels I have stayed at in Chicago . Really enjoyed it and would highly recommend .
My girlfriends and I stayed 4 nights at the Talbott returning home on Saturday 9/29 . We all had a wonderful time and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel . The staff from top to bottom were excellent , accommodating . The room was roomy ... with our only complaint being not being able to cool the room fast enough after a day on the town . The construction next door was obstructing the sidewalk , but being on a oneway street limited that difficulty . The doorman , Andrew was an excellent source at this hotel . He arranged all our transportation at night to restaurants . We enjoyed everything about the hotel and the city . The hotel was expensive but met expectations .
We booked our room on Priceline , and got a good deal at around $ 100 per night . We stayed for the first 2 nights of our US trip so didnt use too many of the hotel 's facilities The hotel is centrally located , just over the Chicago River from the shops at North Michigan Avenue , and around a mile from Navy Pier Our room was clean and comfortable , and on the 29th floor we had a good view of the city , and could just about see Lake Michigan ( though the weather was very bad ) . The layout of the room is a little peculiar , with the bed facing away from the window , but over all we have no complaints about this hotel , and unlike some other reviews we were not disturbed at all by noise from other guests So , pros and cons : Pros : Helpful and friendly staff Clean and comfortable throughout Spacious rooms Large and airy public areas Starbucks and gift shop in lobby Cons A large hotel , so a long walk from the elevators to the front desk / lobby area
My first trip back to Chicago in about 7 years was perfect ! I chose the Knickerbocker as I had read that their rooms were recently renovated on top of being a great location to Michigan Avenue , Rush Street and downtown Chicago . I must say I was very impressed with the guestrooms ! I had not stayed there prior but it definitely is a refresh from what I 've seen in photo 's posted on the reviews . The guestrooms are nicely decorated with a modern feel and they are good sized for a historical hotel ! The beds are wonderful -- I need to get a pillow top mattress at home ! I used the Internet access with no issue and I LOVED the larger screen TV 's . The shower is fun with the different types of shower heads you can choose . And the bathrooms are fresh with all new granite and tile . I 'm anxious to get back to Chicago and it wo n't be 7 years from now ! I would highly recommend this hotel -- fantastic guestrooms , location and staff ! I 've added some digital pictures of my room as they are completely different from the one 's I saw on previous reviews with the new renovation .
We have just returned from 4 nights at the Conrad Chicago , everthing about the hotel was excellent . Wonderful room and service from all the staff was first class . Great view from our room . The hotels location is great , right in the centre of the magnificent mile . A wonderful stay in an amazing city was made perfect by our stay at the Conrad .
My wife and I redeemed some of my Hilton Reward Points to stay a few nights at the Palmer House . The hotel is absolutely beautiful . From the moment you walk into the lobby you can tell that this place is nice . As we were Diamond members we got upgraded to a suite which was great because we were provided access to their executive lounge ( free food & drinks ) . The service was excellent and the location of the hotel is within walking distance of many sights on the south side of Chicago . I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone interested in coming to Chicago .
Stayed for 3 nights for our anniversary . The desk clerk was great and since it was our anniversary , he gave us an upgrade ... imagine our surprise when we got off on a floor with only 3 other rooms ! Corner tower suite with a view of the river and Michigan ave. Beautiful ! Cabs available right outside the lobby ... Never paid more than $ 7 for a cab ride . If you go in Dec. you must go to the ChrisKindl Festival for strudel !
I decided to book at the Amalfi after cancelling a reservation for a different hotel after reading their reviews on TA . I was blown away by the reviews for the Amalfi on TA and decided to check it out . I was able to secure a great price on the hotel room and I was not disappointed . I asked to be put in a quiet room because I was having an interview the next day . The room was very quiet and in a great location , but my only complaint was that it was right next to the fitness center and I could hear people running on the treadmill during the day . However , it quieted down at night and I could not hear anything . The rooms were enormous for Chicago and I was pleased ! ! ! The hotel provided free breakfast which was good , free internet , and free gym access . The hotel is only a few blocks from the Magnificient Mile and I walked there everyday to do shopping . I have to say that the doorman is truly a gem and is very friendly . I wish that their front desk staff were as friendly as he was . All in all , I plan to stay at the Amalfi anytime I visit Chicago in the future .
We stayed 2 nights at the Knickerbocker and could not have had a better stay . The hotel has recently renovated there rooms . The staff could not have been more friendly and helpful from Dave and Cora at the martini bar to Julie at the front desk who help out with an upgrade for us . The hotel has everything you need for your stay and is close to all the fun that Chicago offers . Our pick for THE CITY is the Knickerbocker . JOHN and JUDY .
Spent three nights at the hotel for a girls weekend . The staff was wonderful , room was beautiful and location great . You can take the train directly from Midway and walk one block to the hotel . Very close to museums and restaurants . I have stayed here before and it always proves to be a great choice for a trip to Chicago .
Great location and quality place to stay . Lovely large clean room with a queen size bed it was great . Staff were very helpful and put us onto some great restaurants and then some music bars . Coleman on the front desk was a great guy to meet as a first impression he sold the hotel to us with his personality . The hotel delivered an anniversary cake to us in our room ( compliments of the hotel ) for me this showed that they care about their guests Many thanks to all it was a great place to stay .
We booked this hotel using points on our credit card . When we arrived , we were immediately greeted by a friendly face . We arrived several hours before check-in . However , they let us check-in early . They also gave us a free room upgrade . The hotel is absolutely stunning ! In addition , it is off of State Street . There are many things to do - shopping , dinning , theater . It is also close to public transportation if you would like to go to the United Center or the airport . The hotel also allowed us to have a late check-out at no additional charge . The room was so dark and quiet we slept in .
Nice big rooms but stinky mildew hallways , fair room service menu and weird elevator set up really hurt my review on the Omni . Location was great but there are a lot of other options . If you get a really good deal on the room , I would n't say no .
The staff recognizes you by name with excellent eye contact . The `` welcome back '' sets the tone for your stay . Flowers in the lobby and reception area beautiful . The house-keeping staff is terrific , helpful and prompt . Room service food was served hot and that makes a big difference too . Pump Room food was surprising tasty and impressed my clients . Well done !
I would NOT recommend staying at the Swissotel in Chicago . I was travelling with a friend and we arrived at different times . She had booked the hotel but had added my name to the reservation since I would be arriving first . The `` night manager '' at the hotel was extremely rude and told me I could not check in since they could not find the note about my name being on the reservation . ( this was THEIR mistake ) They told me I could sit in the lobby for 4 hours until my friend arrived . They did nothing to try and help me until I stood there and complained for twenty minutes . I ca n't believe that a `` manager '' would treat a customer this way . There are other great hotels in Chicago . This hotel is not worth the aggravation !
My husband and I were there for a conference and had booked the room thru their website , when called to confirm had us down for only 1 night instead of 4 , easily changed . First morning cold , cold shower , did n't complain , next day fine . Phone did not work , called every day to complain , and every day said it would be fixed when got back to room , never was . No dial tone , unable to call restaurant , or call for car or call for room service . Finally , on last night someone came to our room while we were there and did fix it . The hotel is beautiful , rooms great and everyone was so nice , even when I was complaining they were nice . Great gym area also , and love the restaurant . BUT , for the money I could easily find another hotel just as nice with a working phone .
We became an Ambassador member just before spending Mother 's day at the Chicago Intercontinental , and received a room upgrade to an exceptional room . Our Saturday night stay was the BEST $ 99 we ever spent ( Mother 's day special ) . The welcoming chocolate covered strawberries began the weekend on a high note ; the concierge continued it by arranging a wonderful dinner ( moderately priced ) , and the great Sunday breakfast topped it all off . All in all , Mother 's day in Chicago was Super . We loved it enough to be back for Labor Day weekend ( another `` package '' ) .
We stayed 6 pleasent days in this not too big and very friendly hotel . the rooms were spotless comfortable and great view too ... also nice view from the roof-bar . The area is pleasant nice and clean , minute walk to magnificant mile , easy to walk around to the lake . friendly stuff , very clean , great warm hotel to stay in . it does not have the `` big hotel '' factory-like feeling - more like home : )
We stayed at the Hard Rock on January 27th , 2009 for $ 125/night . It is located on Michigan Ave , just two blocks from the Mag Mile , two blocks from Millenium Park , and five blocks from the Chicago Art Institute . Our hotel room was very nice with views of Michigan Ave and a unusually comfy bed . The hotel even offered free coffee in the lobby every morning and free wifi in the rooms . Parking was $ 45 for valet and $ 30 for self parking . The staff was very helpful with all of our request .
I stayed at the Chicago Hilton because it was host to a conference I was attending . Before I arrived I tried to find out about the `` In Room Fitness '' program advertised on the corporate website . I called the 800 reservation number and the client service representative answered that the hotel did have a fitness center . I explained that I was inquiring about the 'In Room Fitness ' advertised on their website . She put me on hold and came back a few minutes later and told me that there was no such thing and that I should call the property directly . I did and got the same response . I asked if they could reserve a treadmill for my room . Again , this was a problem . When I arrived at the hotel , no treadmill was available . When I went to tour the fitness room the first night I found that they close at 9pm . When I returned to the center the next day I discovered that they charge $ 13 per day to use the fitness equipment . The pool , track and locker room are free , but to use the treadmills , etc . you have to pay $ 13 per day . This charge is not noted anywhere -- not on the website , not in any of the guest service materials in the room . The food for the conference was mediocre , but the one room service meal I had was pretty good . During one of the conference lunch sessions the wait staff made so much noise we could n't hear the speaker . The HVAC did n't work well in my room and I kept the windows open for most of my three night stay . The beds were comfortable with very nice linens . I tried to get a late checkout , which was offered on a card in my room . The woman who answered the phone would only give me an hour , not the 11-2pm range advertised in my room . The best service I received was from the folks in the Security office . The hotel does not have safes in guest rooms , so I became very friendly with Security office as I locked up my laptop between conference sessions and every other time I could n't carry it out of the hotel . I visit Chicago at least once a year for personal travel and will continue to stay at the Marriott properties . Only wish I had done so for this visit .
We planned to stay for 5 nights on a family trip . I booked this hotel because of the expected value for a suite as well as the free breakfast - get a quick bite , then head out for the day to do normal tourist stuff . Well , our stay here lasted 1 night and we quickly , and thankfully , switched to a different hotel for our last 4 nights . The room was dirty . When we opened the sofabed , the sheets were filthy and there was a mess of dirt and crumbs that fell out . Ridiculous considering this is a suite hotel where the sofabeds are likely used , and theoretically cleaned , a lot . Extra blankets were also dirty and bathrooms were n't much better . Temperature control in the room was imprecise - minor inconvenience but without clean blankets on our only night , it made for a cold stay . If you like to eat for free ( they have free breakfasts and dinner on certain nights ) and do n't care to eat the great food Chicago has to offer , I guess some may find this place tolerable . But we found the buffet no better than average and felt like we were at a Golden Corral . The only thing this hotel really has going for it is location but there are other options in this area ( we switched to The James and had a great experience ) . I could n't be paid to stay here again . I 'm shocked by the high overall rating given our experience .
The James hotel is located close to everything in Chicago , the miracle mile , Pizza House Uno , Rush street , The Water Tower everything . We walked everywhere because everything was close by . The rooms are very modern and a little on the small side . But the bed was very comfortable , Very ! The service is very good and the calls are answered professionally and nicely . All service was very fast and through . The lobby is a liitle small but that keeps the riff raff from hanging out in it , the bar service was good . The drink prices were high but what do you expect in a hotel bar . I got a great deal from leading hotels of the world for my stay of 3 days was just over $ 400.00 for a 5 star hotel that 's cheap . Due to the location , price and service I may stay there again . But I think my next trip may take me to Trump 's hotel in Chi Town . The James is a good stay . The doorman at the hotel are Great ! Always pleasent , with a smile and very good service .
The bathroom toilet leaked water all over the bathroom every time it was flushed , so we called maintenance to have it fixed . We returned to our room only to discover the maintenance personnel had left a nasty mess in the bathroom and the toilet seat was covered in grease . There were dirty clothes all over the bathroom and they even used our guestroom towels to clean their hands and tools . We love Chicago but we are never staying at this hotel again .
Other reviews complain about the small rooms . For a major city , we found our room quite comfortable with a king bed and really nice furnishings . One feature we liked is the ability to open the window . The Knikerbocker is a small boutique hotel right off Michigan Avenue in the best area of Chicago . The staff was friendly and helpful . For the $ 116 we paid on Hotwire , we could not have found a better room in downtown Chicago .
HI HO HI HO , off to Chicago we go . Here 's the skinny , if you 're hoping to run into a washed up rock star ( CeCe Deville for us , and no the teenagers had no idea who he was ) you may want to spend your hard earned money here . I took my younger sister and a couple of her friends ( teenagers ) for an overnighter in Chicago on our way to Wisconsin . I chose the Hard Rock for the ambiance . I mean come on it is supposed to be `` COOL '' . Well it was n't . The Positives : *It is in the Carbon & Carbide Building , which is beautiful . *The location : it sits in the middle of everything *The lobby has two computers for guest use . *The fitness center is very nice . Cardio machines have individual TV 's and there are head phones in case you forgot yours . They have protein bars for those that like them for a post workout snack . *Check-in and out was quick and Valet was very courteous . The Negatives : *The rooms were small and ours was n't clean ( pistachio shells on the floor ) . The rooms were painted purplish gray ( we were on the Prince floor ) with a picture of Bob Marley hanging on one of the walls . The girls thought the coolest part about the hotel was the fuzzy throw pillows . *Bathroom had only a shower and not a full tub . *The cable reception was poor ; I kept looking for the bunny ears to fix the picture . *It is n't anywhere near the Hard Rock Cafe . *There was very little memorabilia . *There is no pool , and yes I knew this when I made the reservation . To wrap it up , I wo n't be staying here again . If I am going to drop almost 4 Benjamins on a hotel room , I will stay at the Palmer House Hilton . But that is a whole different review .
we stayed here in january when it was -20. but even then we enjoyed it so much we could not wait to get back . chicago is a great town to visit and the homewood suites is the place to stay , period . now we stayed from the 9/5/2009 to 9/5/2009 and enjoyed every day . ( p.s . the weather was in the high 70s ) . to get back to the hotel , it was fantastic , it has everything you need and its write in the heart of the city . two seperate rooms were very handy as we had our teenage son . full kitchen , ( laundry on 7th floor ) seveal foodmarkets within walking distance , everything within walking distance . you wont need a car and at $ 42 for valet parking you wont want one . dont take my word for it , check it out you wont be disappointed . oh and did i mention free breakfast and dinner . job done . its a no brainer book now . p.s . theres also a beach within walking distance
Location , location , location . What a great find ! Excellent , well-run , small boutique-type hotel on a tree-lined street near all the action without being in the oppressive crunch of it . Rooms are good-sized and clean ; good bed and shower with tub . The air conditioner , as mentioned in other reviews , is noisy , but it 's a minor complaint . The staff is simply wonderful and attentive from housecleaning to concierge . The on site restaurant is great . The red-line El is about 3-4 blocks away which makes getting around the city a breeze . You are footsteps away from Rush Street and North Michigan Avenue and Lake Michigan . I would not have a moment 's hesitation booking at this hotel again in the future ; in fact , I would n't book anywhere else .
Stayed at the Amalfi hotel in Chicago this month with good expectations . And what a disappointment ! Paid just under $ 200 for a `` deluxe king '' , and what we got was a 2nd floor view of construction , a dirty , badly `` rehabbed '' bathroom , itchy sheets , no down comforter ! ! ( just sheets and the gross old hotel blanket thing ) , previously opened bottles in our mini bar , and plenty of rude , inexperienced staff members & managers ( def . not a 3 or 4 star staffing ! ! ) I do live in Chicago , and have stayed at a wide range of places . I know that for $ 200 in February , you can expect a great hotel . As there were many available the weekend we stayed at Amalfi , choosing it over say , the Palmer House Hilton , Hotel Sax , Sutton Place , Hotel 71 , was a huge waste . Definitely keep looking and book elsewhere . Not worth the price at all , do n't let their pictures fool you . Also , I would n't say that our experience was just a rare mishap , the hotel looks like an old Days Inn that had undergone a slight renvation , i.e. , new lamps .
Spent three nights in Chicago at this property . First of all , I have to say that it would be hard to imagine a better location as it is perfectly situated on the Magnificent Mile close to terrific restaurants , the Art Institute and Orchestra Hall . The hotel has two sides - the historic tower and a new wing . The rooms are larger on the historic side but generally are looking a little tired . This property needs to be renovated . Some observations : The junior suite I had was laid out strangely . A small bedroom and smaller sitting room separated by a corridor off of which was the very large bathroom . The mirror over the sink was not over the sink but skewed to the right - made shaving a challenge and messy . While descending in the elevator one morning , it started shaking so violently that I could barely stand up . It stopped on the 11th floor and I was greeted by an extremely worried looking hotel employee who had a technician shut it down . ( This experience was far more powerful than coffee in helping me wake up - an adrenaline rush certainly cures sleepiness ! ) Reports from my group were of sinks stopped up , exposed bolts in rooms , and generally things not working . Now the good news - the staff is terrific . They make you feel welcome , are personable , have their own personalities , great service in the bar and really went the extra distance to help . I wish they had a better property to work in .
I travel to chicago quite often , and have stayed at a bunch of hotels . I stayed at Conrad a couple of times . My impression was not too good . Both times the receptionist was quite cold and I did n't feel welcome at all . The room was noisy . Thin walls , and you could hear exactly what the next room is talking about . One time the tv was broken too , and a guy came in and took like an hour to fix it ... Anyway , given that this is a 4.5 star hotel , it really didnt live up to my expectations . After the 1st time at this hotel , I thought I might give it a second try . After the 2nd time , I decided I am really not coming back , especially given that there are so many other hotels close by . The other attendees of our conferences were also complaining about the hotel . So I guess I am not alone in this ...
Stayed at the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower for 3 nights in early April 2007 . Very convenient location just a block from all of the shopping on the Golden Mile . Good restaurant at the hotel serving a la carte breakfast different from the usual fare and with a nice French twist . Dinner at the restaurant was also good . Prices are reasonable . Room is comfortable , only problem was with a card access door lock that usually required several swipes before opening . Excellent service from the bellmen to the concierge and front desk staff . Would definitely stay here again if visiting Chicago . Concierge recommended a small van tour , which was excellent . However early April is too early to visit Chicago as popular activities such as the boat tour of the architecture of Chicago was not operating yet .
The hotel is excellently situated for visiting The Art Institute or Millennium Park . It is an `` old classic '' of a hotel , and the main lobby is a must see , but I would not stay there again . The problem with any hotel dating from long ago ( the current one was built in 1923-25 ) is that , even with extensive remodeling ( which was done in 2007-2009 ) it is hard to create spaces that are comparable to what is expected today ( in many cases the walls are load bearing so can not be changed too much ) . We had a reasonably sized room ( king bed and space for a desk and lounge chair ) but the bathroom was very small with little space to spread out toiletries . Also , there was no coffee machine in the room - something I have come to expect in virtually all hotels these days . My major complaint about this stay was the Executive Lounge . It is usually worth while to pay the extra for access - in most hotels it is not much more than the cost of two breakfasts and there are usually some hors d'oeuvres in the evening along with a modest wine at a modest price . ( Since we are currently at the diamond level in the Hilton Honors program , we get access for free at the Hiltons but I usually upgrade at other chains such as the Hyatt . ) At the Palmer Executive Lounge I ordered a couple of glasses of wine ( there was a bartender on duty ) and was slightly surprised by the cost - $ 9/glass which came to $ 21.44 for two with tax and tip - and was even more surprised by the wine . It was about the worst wine I had tasted in many years . I did n't think it was even as good as Trader Joe 's cheapest $ 2.99 wine that I tried a couple of weeks ago . Unfortunately I did n't get a look at the bottle to see what it was ( although I did notice that she had to fish it out of the back of a cupboard ) . I noticed that a couple of groups in the executive lounge had brought their own wine in - and I can understand iot at the prices they were charging . It then occurred to me that the wine had been sitting around open for some time . I checked the room service menu and saw that they offered three red wines by the glass - the same three varietals as at the bar . The cabernet was a William Hill at $ 10.50/glass from room service . I presume that what I had had at some time been a William Hill that had been left to turn to vinegar . It was slightly more expensive from room service , but I hope that it was in a lot better condition .
We stayed at the Intercontinental for three nights last weekend . It is a located in a fantastic spot on the Magnificent Mile , right near the Chicago River and the NBC building . We had a double room in the main tower . The room was very clean and updated . The staff were very friendly and helpful . The negatives about this hotel is that you have to pay extra to use the fitness centre and internet access . Also , parking is high ( $ 45 valet/day ) . Overall , we had a great stay and would recommend this hotel . We paid $ 90 on Priceline and felt that this was a reasonable price .
While the parking service was great - the front desk was terrible . We had a huge problem getting ice one night - we had none in our room so we went twice to get some - no one was there to help , called the front desk they promised to deliver some - none arrived so we called again - they said we had to come and get it and would not listen to what we had to say about what had already happened . ... read more
Arrived on 06/04/05 , greeted by friendly doorman , and zipped up to the 5th Floor Lobby . Very open lobby area with friendly reception staff . Room was on the 12th Floor and very nice . Everything was in order and very clean ! The king size bed was nice and each night I had a restful sleep . Bathroom was large with separate glass shower stall . The room was furnished with everything I needed including internet hook-up access . Also , you can walk thru on the 5th Fl to the Westfield North Bridge Shopping Mall , where you will enjoy Nordstrom and other stores . Of course , you 're steps from Michigan Ave. too . The central location of the hotel was great , as I could walk to most places . The CTA Subway stop ( Grand Ave. on Red Line ) was an easy 2 block walk . I will stay here again on my next trip to Chicago !
We had an issue with housekeeping and the hotel management did not handle it well . They were subject to a brief staff strike and did not inform guests and in fact failed to tell us about the strike and our room never was cleaned . After 4 calls and several hours we were able to get clean towels . Overall service other than check in was poor for a reportedly 4 star hotel .
The hotel definitely does n't match its 4.5 rating . The receptionist was very unhelpful and dishonest , and I do n't feel welcome at all . I booked a non-smoking room , but upon arrival , the receptionist told me that there was no non-smoking room left . Of course he was lying . I argued with him for 5 minutes , before he reluctantly gave me a non-smoking room . At checkout , they tried to charge me $ 40 upgrade fee each day , because I requested a non-smoking room . This was completely ridiculous . I had to go argue with the receptionist again before they agreed to take away the charges . The room was quite small , the TV was broken , so I had to call someone to fix the TV . Then the wireless network banned my IP address , so I had to talk to their tech-support -- the tech support was quite friendly , knowledgeable and helpful -- I guess this was the only bright point of the stay .
We stayed here as an alternative spot for a friend 's wedding . The price was about 50 % to 65 % of what it costs to stay at similar hotels in the area . First the minuses . 1 . ) The standard rooms are small . if you want a little more space you might want to upgrade . 2 . ) Since the hotel has been recently rehabbed you can see some of the stuff that the covered or painted . 3 . ) There really are no views from the hotel . Now the plusses . 1 . ) The shower is AWESOME . Probably one of the best hotel showers I 've seen . Rain shower with wand , great pressure and the enclosure did n't leak like a lot of these shower stalls do . Very nice . 2 . ) The fixtures and finishes in the rooms were top notch . Very modern and clean . 3 . ) The bed was great . Better than some hotels that promote their beds . Great nights sleep . Overall . This is a great space for a trip where you are not going to be spending much time in the room . If you were in town for a conference or for work where you will need to spread out your stuff it might not work . Anyone else should really like the experience . All I care about when I travel is having a nice bed and a good shower to relax in after a long day . If you are the same this is a good spot for you .
If location is the only thing that matters , stay at the Talbott . However , my wife and I have travelled extensively throughout North America and Europe , and I have never , in my entire life , seen such an inept housekeeping staff . They are unprofessional , noisy , incompetent and better suited for a one star hotel . They were yelling in the halls , slamming doors , and taking far too long to clean each room . They come to your room several times to check the fridge where they sell bottles of water for $ 3 . The hotel was being renovated when we were staying there so we also had to endure the construction work - no discount was offered even after we complained several times . The front desk staff was very polite , but who cares ? They 're supposed to be nice . I spent a lot of money to stay here and did not feel that I received a fair deal . The room was sub-par for the price , even for an inner city hotel . Stay somewhere else and have a better vacation .
Stayed here for two days in the first week in January , when hotel was very quiet . Got a big corner room . Staff are friendly , decor is modern , and there 's a huge choice of pastries and cakes and breads for breakfast , which you take back to your room . The free hors d'oevres with the drinks are great antipasti - olives , breads , cheeses and meats , marinated vegetables . This was a really easy hotel to stay in , fairly central - a couple of blocks away from the ' L ' , and quiet , despite the building work opposite . If you 're in Chicago , stay here .
I am not much of a complainer , as you can see when reviewing my other posts on this site , but the Talbott provided such bad service that I feel the need to warn future travelers to Chicago : My girlfriend and I stayed at the Talbott for 2 nights in late July 2006 . The first sign that something was wrong come during the initial booking of the room over the phone . The receptionist was outright rude , but took the reservation without a mistake . During our stay the hotel and restaurant staff was extraordinary incompetent , the waiters , the managers , nobody was friendly , nor tied to accommodate us . [ -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ] We and many others who stayed at the hotel attended a wedding reception close by and had arranged the hotel bar to remain open from 12-2 to have an after hour 's party . The hotel manager had assured us that this was secured and done in the past upon such occasions . When we returned from the reception at 11:50pm the bar was closing and the night manager and hotel staff were very rude to me and my friends . `` Nobody told us , we ca n't do anything for you . '' `` Are you sure that you arranged this ? '' Two quotes so typical for this hotel 's staff that I know that I will never stay at this hotel again . I understand that mistakes are made and that communication can be difficult across different shifts in a hotel , but blaming the customer so being confused and failing to arrange what I know had been arranged for and was later confirmed by the day staff is too rude even for my taste . [ -- -- - ]
On a recent trip to Chicago to attend a major trade show I had the pleasure of staying with the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower . I say stay with as that is how they make you feel , from check in to check out they go above and beyond to ensure your stay is perfect and you want to return . The rooms are clean , chic and roomy , the beds - the best I have slept in , bathrooms large and super clean . What can I say , my new home when in Chicago ...
I stayed here with a dozen of my friends , and more than half of us got eaten alive by bed bugs ! We stayed there from September 28 - September 30th , but the symptoms ( i.e . the crazy itchiness ) did n't come until Sunday night when we all got home . I complained to the hotel and basically all they 're gon na do is cover the cost of our dry cleaning bills . Honestly , they should reimburse us , because it was not worth it at all . DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL ! ! !
where do I start . The GM was a nice guy for handling the incident I had . Anthony -the Concierge - set me up with a massage when the reservation at the spa i requested was unavailable . Anthony said he knew this spa and it was nice . He set me up and quoted me a price of $ 125 , When i got to the spa ( which was actually a seedy nail and hair salon ) i saw on the front window that a massage for an hour was $ 100 with 20 % off . At the end of the massage I gave the lady $ 100 and said thanks you can keep the change , She insisted that I got `` A Hotel Rate '' because Anthony set me up . She called Anthony and confirmed the rate then told me she had to go and pay Anthony the difference - $ 45 . She then offered me a ride to the hotel since she was going there which I declined . In short - shady dealings with this place . I was quite taken back . The GM Selman comp 'd me a night but , I felt swindled big time . Stay somewhere else . The concierge has something going on ...
This hotel does not belong in the same league as The Peninsula , Four Seasons , or Ritz Carlton . It was more like staying at an overpriced W Hotel . Staff was very nice and attentive , but the lobby is cramped , and only two small elevators for 17 floors ! ! Several times the elevator was full by the time it reached our floor , and we were forced to take the stairs . The hotel must be flooding the travel websites itself with high reviews .
We stayed at Hotel Monaco and upgraded to a suite . I was disappointed with the room layout , and shabby furniture . I bumped into the coffee table and the top almost crashed to the ground . The make up mirror in the bathroom didnt work , the TV reception was very poor and overall the room just wasnt worth the $ 450 we spent there . Next time , we will go back to Trump Tower across the street , which is far superior to Hotel Monaco .
I love the Ambassador East , true , she 's a little old but she 's a classic treasure . The service is wonderful , from the minute you arrive you are greeted warmly and with a nice welcome ! I felt the service was good , room was clean and quiet and that all the staff was very accomodating . The biggest gem is the Pump Room bar and restaurant . The best drinks , amazing food , exciting photographs and fun music on the weekends . This is set in the most fabulous location ; historical neightborhood , close to walk the lakefront , well known hometown bars , excellent restaurants Chicago has to offer and most of all shopping . There was a nice street market going on over the summer-fall weekends , giving this area a real interesting flavor of Chicago . I can see it needs some updating but I was totally happy and content with my stay . I travel a great deal in my work and have seen all kinds of hotels . I will stay here again in the future .
I love the free breakfast and dinners on weeknights . The hotel is clean and nice rooms The pool needs some updating ( but kids do n't care ) My friend and I took our granddaughters for a grandma grandaughter outing and this hotel was perfect
Thank god I got this hotel through priceline . I ca n't imagine paying full price for this place . The tub was moldy and dingy . The toilet did n't flush . Their selection of TV channels was limited to say the least . Unless you wanted to pay $ 5 for a rerun of an NBC show . Oh , and internet ? Why that will set you back about $ 15 for the day . And breakfast ? That 's about $ 16 for a cup of coffee , a croissant and two slices of honeydew . This hotel is the pits . The customer service is ... .absent ! When you walk in to the ridiculous lobby ( decked out like some bad late 80 's prom ) there 's no one to direct you upstairs to the check in . And once you 're there , check in is very fast , i 'll grant them that . This hotel is a big , crummy rip-off . I will never stay here ( and will steer clear of Hyatts in general I believe ) .
We stayed at this hotel with our two teenage daughters duing a part business , part family fun trip in July . We were very impressed with the location , within walking distance to great restraunts and shopping , inlcuding Water Tower Place ( a great mall ! ) . We were quite disappointed with the room cleanlinees and size . The bedspreads were filthy and so thin . The room decor is in dire need of an upgreade . The bathroom had no fan and it really smelled badly of mold and mildew . The shower actually had mold in the corners ! This was a very tight squeese for 4 people . Especially the bathroom . The beds and pillows were quite uncomfortable . Even the elevators were tiny and could barely fit 6 people ! Thank goodness there were a few elevators . Luckily we booked this room on priceline and would have never paid full price . The only upside was the great location . Also beware- its cheaper to take a taxi to the airport than the airport shuttle ! Millenium promotes the airport shuttle but take a cab !
We just returned from a weekend at the Palmer House . We normally stay north on the Mag Mile but wanted to be closer to Soldier 's Stadium and the Art Insitiute this time . We were able to upgrade to a suite upon arrival at half the price that we paid for a regular room at the Four Seasons two weeks earlier . What a suite ! ! It was huge . The basic living room , dining room and kitchen/wet bar area was one large room . Up to three additional bedrooms can be added by the use of connecting doors . All rooms were spotlessly clean . They even smelled good . Lovely soaps , robes , etc . Lots of large closets . The bathrooms were older but well maintained . Much better than the ones at the Four Seasons . The furniture was nice but worn in some spots . The beds and linens were excellent . Room service was fast . The food and service were great . The pool and workout areas were clean and well maintained . We had one small problem with a burned out lightbulb in one of the lamps . Maintaince arrived quickly with a new bulb . They would n't allow me to tip them ! ! Check-in was somewhat slow as the hotel has been sold out for several weeks . This is a very large hotel , so they have to move a lot of people and rooms . Also , the hotel does not have views as it is configured like an `` E '' . All in all , the Palmer House is a good value for the money .
We went to Chicago to see an exhibit at the Art Institute and selected the Fairmont because it was so close . Although the lobby is still being renovated , our experience at the hotel was uniformly positive . The room was nicely sized and newly remodeled and immaculate . The only glitch involved getting the room coffee replenished . The maid does not do that , and by bedtime on the first night , we still did n't have coffee . We called the front desk and they immediately delivered a fresh supply . The restaurant is a little underwhelming , but with so many other places to go within a very few blocks , we probably would n't have eaten there any more than we did . After having stayed in close to a dozen different Chicago hotels , this may be the hotel we return to whenever we return .
Before booking this hotel , I did read the reviews , and I was concerned . I ended up booking it based on my sisters recommendation . BIG MISTAKE ! ! The temperature in Chicago was a balmy 99 degrees , and the temp in the room that they gave us was about 85 degrees . When we called to complain at 11:00 am , they told us to turn the temp down to 40degrees . We went back at 7:30pm . it was still humid , the beds were moist & the room very stuffy . Called again , they sent somone to fix it , & he recommended getting a new room , because the room will not cool down . They told us they were booked , yet , after the maintenance man called , they suddenly had a room available , go figure ? So they move us to another room , guess what , it is 85 degrees . Again , they told us to turn it down to 40 , needless to say , it never cooled down & we should have just slept on the street . We travel a lot , and we stayed here one night , and it was awful ! ! . At check out , I had to re-tell our entire room issue , they actually ended up not charging us for the night , thank god they did not offer us anothers nights stay , because we would never go back . Also , the room decor is very old and stuffy . If your going to Chicago , do n't stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker ! !
Me and my husband stayed in the Allegro Hotel Chicago for 4 days 3 nights recently . We got a room with a king size bed.. Although the room is small , we got no problems with that as there was enough space for our luggages & all . However , we felt that the bed is not exactly comfortable , the bed sheets kinda feel rough to us . The walls are really thin and we could hear our neighbours talking and occasionally the flushing sound . 1 of the days , our room was not cleaned till afternoon and so we went to check with the front desk and was told that we got to request for our room to be cleaned which was a shock to us as we thought that like all hotels , rooms are cleaned except when you put on the no disturb sign . The worst is upon returning to the hotel at night , we found a bag of our garbage in the room and it was right next to our luggage . The housekeeping people must have forgotten to take it out after cleaning our bins . This is unacceptable to us . The hotel is in the theatre district and it is rather quiet at night . Although it is near the CTA trains , i would rec one to stay somewhere close to the magnificent mile where its lively at night or hotels near the chicago river so that you can get a great view . Am staying again at a Kimpton hotel in San Fran next month and i am contemplating if i should change ! Overall , not a good experience and i wouldnt choose this hotel again if i were to head to Chicago again !
The Conrad Hilton recently took over this property from the failed Meridian Hotel . It seems that the Conrad has inherited a hotel property that just does n't work . The entrance is very difficult to find . There are only two elevators to take you up to the lobby . As a result , there was often a line waiting for them . The same problem affects the guest room elevators located beyond the registration area . If you go in and out of the hotel more than a couple of times during your stay , you will find the poor elevator layout annoying . The King room is what I would consider small compared to other Chicago hotels . Although I like modern design , the room was quite stark and cold . It was also showing quite a bit of wear and tear . The bathroom was the best part . Has anyone from management tried to sit in the chair and work at the desk ? It was the most uncomfortable set-up I 've experienced . The views are non-existent for most of the rooms . In a city with amazing vistas , this was disappointing . I saw a couple walking the halls with management trying to find a room that was acceptable to them . Room service breakfast was a highlight of our stay . Excellent food and high quality presentation . Sorry I could n't write a better review . Would I stay here again ? No . Chicago has some incredible hotels and this is not one of them .
Sometimes you just ca n't find fault with a hotel , even if you tried . Such was the case with Sofitel , where we 'd never stayed before . It 's a sleek , modern , sophisticated hotel with European touches . We spent three days there on a leisure weekend , we had a 29th floor king room looking directly at the Hancock Building , at a total cost including taxes and lugs of about $ 165 a night . The room was average sized , well-appointed , everything in it worked , and it had a fabulous view of the Chicago high-rise jungle , including snippets of the lake . The public areas were wonderfully decorated . The restaurant served a good breakfast at , for Chicago , reasonable prices . The staff was excellent . My wife broke her ankle several weeks before we visited and was on crutches . The staff loaned us a wheelchair and was very helpful in assisting her .
Our check-in was great , but then we got into our room . The carpet was drenched and stained near the bathroom because the shower ( open concept ) leaks water onto the floor since there are no doors on it . The mini bar was broken and put an extremely foul scent into the room . Our final hotel bill reflected 2 charges that were incorrect ... .1 for the mini bar which we did not utilize , and the second was an up charge for a bottle of wine ( $ 69 instead of $ 50 ) . When my husband went to the front desk to have it corrected , he was met with a very unfriendly and unapologetic employee . It was adjusted , but not without confrontation . There was another guest checking out when my husband was at the front desk who had the same `` mysterious '' mini bar charge on her bill as well , and was trying to have it corrected . Overall , the location of the Hard Rock was nice but it will be the last time that we stay in one ,
in the windy city , this is a very good place.amazing rooms and service.everything is a walking distance .An absolute must for business trio as ease with which you can conduct and schedule meetings here is unbeatable . Good decor and impishly modern
The recently remodeled Affina was amazing - from the 6 choice pillow menu to the stocked `` pantry and refrigerator '' to the brand name bathroom ammenities . Within walking distance to just about everything you could possibly need , the Affina is a great hotel . The staff was pleasant and seemed to enjoy their jobs . Having never stayed in downtown Chicago before , the Affina over and above exceeded our expectations . Although our trip to Chicago was only for one night , we will consider staying at the Affina again for a future visit .
Spent two nights at the InterContinental on a business trip . This is a tremendous , towering hotel in one of the best locations in Chicago -- right on the Magnificent Mile and superbly convenient for shopping and well placed for the business area . My room was in the Historic Tower -- a 1920s Masonic Club which has been converted at enormous expense . The effort has been worthwhile . My room was very large and well furnished , with a beautiful bathroom which contained a separate shower cubicle . It had breathtaking views down Michigan Avenue . There is a superb recreation centre ( with an impressive swimming pool ) beautiful bars and a good restaurant , Zest , that serves a great breakfast . There is wifi in the rooms ( $ 9.95 per day ) and tea and coffee making facilities . No trouser press , but there is an ironing board and iron . The staff is friendly and anxious to please . I recommend this hotel in the strongest possible terms . It 's expensive , but it will be difficult to find a better one in Chicago .
The Hard Rock is glossy and sexy , but an absolutely fantastic hotel ... . I was in town for business and stayed here because of it 's location , but I absolutely understand why tourists would like it ... right on the river , cool art deco building and Millenium Park is just down the street . Regardless- the room was clean , the staff was friendly , but NOT annoying and the bar was fun . I was comfortable having a couple of drinks alone at the end of the day - they were GOOD ! I 'll definitely try it again !
The room looked like a country club prison cell . Flat paint on all walls , doors , trims , not especially clean . A platform bed and a long shelf/desk with an iron chair . No amenities , no homey touches , nothing on the walls . No room service , no gym , no concierge . The air conditioner clunked off and on all night . On the plus side , the bedding was nice and there was a large screen TV . Do n't waste your money .
My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 5 days in October , 2007 . I can not begain to tell you how great this place is . The service was impecable and the room was fantastic . Huge window seat to look over Chicago . It was great . The wine reception in the evening was a special treat as was the morning coffee service in the lobby . This was our first trip to Chicago and I hope not our last . I will definately stay at Hotel Monaco again when we return . We booked our room through a safety convention web site .
I just returned from a 2 night stay at the hotel . I had requested a high floor , quiet room . Neither request was honored . The windows are not well insulated , because the traffic , car horns and sirens continued all night long . On the first night two drunk parties woke us up in the hallway . The safe in our room did not work . Someone had locked it before our arrival . One of the pictures under the tv had been removed , leaving a screw sticking out of the wall . The lights are so dim , that is next to impossible to read . A small alcove with a stained bench had a `` reading light '' that was about 50 watts . Our room key cards did n't work , so we returned to the lobby where they recoded them . Upon returning to our room , they did n't work again and we stood there trying over and over again until finally we succeeded with no help from the staff . The bathroom is small and has no fan , so the steam covers the mirrors , and unless you leave the bathroom door open , it does not clear . On Friday night one small cookie was left in our room . What about a second guest . Are we supposed to split a 2 inch diameter cookie ? ? ? ! ! ! ! On Sunday the phone rang with a 7 am wakeup call . We had not requested to be woken up ! ! ! ! The concierge did not know the way to get to O'Hare by train , and gave us a longer route than was necessary . I have stayed in much better hotels in Chicago ... quieter and more spacious , more elegant and worth the money . This is definitely not worth $ 400 a month . ( By the way , I live in Washington , DC and am used to city noise . This was unacceptable ! )
If you are looking for a hotel that is truly in the best location , the Intercontinental is it -- right on the Magnificent Mile , next to the Chicago River , across from the Wrigley Building . My daughter and I stayed here for a getaway , and quickly were able to get to Milennium Park , shopping , Navy Pier , great dining , exploring festivals and strolling through beautiful areas along the lakefront and Chicago River . Check-in was easy and we were treated with courtesy throughout our stay . Maria , one of the concierges , was especially helpful in finding us a unique place to eat . The room was lovely and comfortable , although our tub did n't drain well . Just a wonderful stay !
This is a great hotel ! The views are fabulous , the service it friendly and the location is superb . We booked a room on an upper floor and had access to the lounge where breakfast and snacks were available with picture perfect views of the Chicago River . The only negative is that the ceilings in the hall and room are low and can make you feel a little cramped . We booked our room for $ 89 a night for Memorial Day weekend . It was a steal ! I highly recommend this hotel to anyone and will be returning !
If you asked me two years ago , I would have recommended the Talbott Hotel without hesitation to anyone who asked . Now , I have definitely changed my mind . While this hotel is located in a nice area of Chicago , surrounded by great restaurants , shops and affluent people , it has really begun to slowly downgrade . As noted by my reviews , I am incredibly serious about customer service . If you 're in the hospitality industry , there is really no excuse for falling short in this category -- - but alas , the Talbott really has . The door staff do n't say a word , the desk people acknowledge you only when they are not doing a million other things ( which they always are ) and the staff have an air of snobbishness . Inexcusable since we , the customers , are paying to stay at their over-priced hotel . Perhaps the most annoying aspect of my latest stay was that I had to walk down 11 flights of stairs to get to the lobby of the hotel because I waited a solid 15 minutes for the elevator , which , when it arrived , was packed to the brim . I get that it 's an old hotel , but it is incredibly annoying that they only have two elevators for the entire place and when one is down for construction , the other one overflows with people and I am forced to walk ELEVEN flights to simply get to my dinner reservation on time ( which I did n't . ) I will not continue giving this hotel my business and have other better recommendations to give to friends who plan on visiting .
I have traveled to Chicago many times for business , and so I have expectations of hotels based on reasonable comparisons . There was nothing dramatically wrong the Sheraton , but it was simply overpriced for the quality of the hotel . It almost looked as if an accountant walk through the hotel looking for places to cut costs . The carpets were old , there was only one bar of soap in the bathroom , towels and linens were older than I expected , the rooms were in need of some redecorating , etc . during the week I was paying $ 349 per night for a room , and it simply was not near the quality I expected for that price . One positive to notice that the fitness room was quite good . Plenty of aerobic machines with TVs , weights , etc . location is also quite good ( perhaps the reason for the high price ) with close walks to Michigan Avenue and the river . In summary , I think you can find a much nicer hotel in a much better price in downtown Chicago .
I stayed in this hotel for a week and I was looking forward to a stay at a top class hotel . I was shocked and disapointed with my stay , Here are some of my gripes - Room had a broken phone and broken lightbulb - Breakfast service was slow and impolite - Hotel rationed shampoo ( one bottle for two people sharing and did not refill a bottle that was less than half full ) . - We also shared a bar of soap . I was so disappointed with this hotel , I paid for a premium hotel and got a very disappointing stay .
My two girlfriends and I arrived at the hotel , and found the hard rock had lost our reservation . I had just called three days before and had confirmed the reservation over the phone . The rude woman at the front desk treated us like we were lying . It was n't until I started to cause a scene in front of the line of people checking in that she finally decided that she would research the issue . Ten minuets later she found our reservation . Our room was n't ready , we were told that it would be ready at noon ; we came back at 3 and were told it was still dirty ! Room was very small . The bathroom shower , sink and floor were filthy . Room service trays sit in the hallways all day . The next morning we called down to get towels , they were never brought to the room , we had to drip dry . The only positive experience at the hotel was the concierge Christopher . He knew everything about the city and sent us to the perfect nightclub .
The hotel is almost always very helpful . This stay caused me to re-think if I like the Palmer House . I had dirty covers for the bed . It was also the smallest room in the hotel I am sure . My husband and I usually come 8 times each year . He is there doing Business and CTA work . We are not pleased with the size of the room at all now . Rooms have always had two chairs , desk , and usually 22 by 25 feet . Not this room on the 11th floor . It was only 15 X 17 approx . The service men at the doors have always said a welcome but not this time . In the past we had a bell man steal a $ 300 . pair of sun glasses and the hotel did nothing about our loss financially .
The Swisshotel is awesome . Very high class . It is expensive , but so is every hotel in Chicago . It is off from the dingy areas of our city , yet a long walk to Navy Pier , so you will need to pay for the cab . Note to all the Magnificent Mile is boring as can be . I live in Chicago and the hotel is a better experience than the Mile of Navy ( BORING ) Pier .
This is a tough one to review ... as the star ratings were from 1 star to 5 and had to figure out an average ... . 2 is where it was . Here are my tips and props/complaints : Room : 1 Star . I had a corner suite . The room was pretty nasty actually ( 2703..STAY AWAY FROM IT ! ! ! ) . There was a CONSTANT banging noise from above . When I first got in I thought it was the person above me bumping and grinding . After an hour , I knew even if it was someone high on speed and redbull would not be going that strong . Well , the sound continued on for 3 days . Not that I minded too much as I keep things on for white noise ... but it sure would bug others . Also , there were about 10 cig burns on the carpet and sofa . In addition , it looked like someone left the iron on the sofa . Also , there is a gray furry pillow on the bed that looks like a big dead rat . I could not imagine all the DNA left on that thing either . *gags* Bathroom : Nice size but not great . The faucet was lose ( really lose ) and the toilet would not flush right . Service : Great . Everyone I encountered did a great job making me feel welcome . Good stuff . Food : I had meetings there , so experienced the breakfast and lunch they made . It was really good ... much better than most hotels . Bar : Very cool . Good music , great service and good drinks . The scene was decent as well . Small bar , but was not cramped . So , maybe other rooms are nicer ... well hell they better be . Regardless , if ONE room is like that ( especially a `` suite '' ) , I have to think others are like that as well . It is too bad though . The views are great and they actually have windows that open ... big shocker for the city in general !
Have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and have never failed to be anything but delighted . Great Bar ( draught Stella and Guinness ) which was being upgraded at the end of March when I was last there , good food , lovely staff , large clean rooms , comfortable beds , spot on location for the Golden Mile , Joey 's Pizzas next door are fantastic . Ignore any bad reviews you read about this hotel as the authors must either have been very unlucky or impossible to please . Highly recommended
This is a superb hotel . The rooms are huge , including a luxurious bathroom . It is clean and service is first rate . Breakfast was excellent ( and complimentary for Hilton Honors members ) . Hotel is in a good location , and is connected to a mall , which I imagine would be a great asset in the Chicago winter . Next time I go to Chicago , I will stay here for sure .
We did n't stay in the hotel a lot because we went for the sites not the room . Saying that , we picked this hotel because it was the cheapest but the hotel not having any parking we spent money on parking our car than what we could have spent on a better more expensive hotel with parking . Hotel is great for guys getaway weekend that wo n't have a car . Not a family frienly hotel . Dining tip : Long walk from hotel Gino 's pizza is a must have ! ! Worth the walk . Many things in between hotel and Gino 's to do so you can break up the walk .
staff was very courteous . desk clerk gave only one coupon for the free breakfast instead of two . second desk clerk gave the wrong time for the breakfast on the second day , causing us to miss the free period . room was very clean , with a nice view of the river . bed was very comfortable . toilet looked like it belonged in a public restroom ( no tank ; instead it had a stainless steel valve ) instead of a 4-star hotel . no dresser to store clothes . no wastebasket in the room , and there was a cover for the icebucket , but no icebucket . folding luggage stand had a broken strap . location was good , close to the river . several american-style eating places nearby . overall , a disappointment for a four-star hotel . i expected more for a hyatt regency .
Just returned to Seattle after a visit home to Chicago and I loved The James ! ! ! Recently stayed at the Ritz at Water Tower and the Dana around the corner -- both of which were great but The James was perfect . Secured the room through a package w/ American Express for a great deal so though the view was n't great the space , decor and location ca n't be beat . Staff was friendly , courteous and very helpful , the gym was substantial and though I did n't try the restaurants/room service , the menus looked yummy . I 've stayed in Chgo in that area on avg 1-2s/mo over the past three years and the James is at the top my list now . If you can get a good deal , I highly recommend ! !
I stayed here for a conference and got the conference rate of $ 149 . I was worried that I would n't get a nice room , since it was the weekend before the election and the hotel is across the street from Grant Park , so it could easily have gotten a lot more for the nicer rooms . I requested a quiet room away from elevators and foot traffic , and that is exactly what I was assigned ( perhaps because I am also a 'silver ' member ? ) . It was a beautiful room with windows on two sides , a king sized bed . The room was quiet , comfortable and immaculate . The maid even left a thank you note for the tip I had left . All the staff were helpful , polite and cheerful . I appreciated the fact that I could actually purchase a breakfast for under $ 15 ( oatmeal , coffee , and juice ) -- something not possible at a lot of big hotels , like the Hyatt I stayed at last year .
Stayed for a week last month . Ca n't beat the location - close to the Magnificent Mile , Attractions , Tours , Great Restaurants & Night Life . Have spent a lot of nights in other Homewood suites hotels and other suite hotels . Thought the room was ok , not great . Overpriced in my opinion . Found staff to be uninterested and not very helpful . Had to wait in the lobby on the 6th floor for room to be ready and the front desk staff could care less . Watched during the week as other guests were made to wait as well . Breakfast was the same stuff day after day . As the week went on , they actually started to run out of the more popular food items and these were not replenished ( weekly delivery I guess ) . Also , the room was was so busy that the staff made people wait for a table and treated you as you were waiting for a 5 star restaurant . Travel for work ( sales ) and frequently stay in hotels . Travel with family every year and also stay in hotels . This is roughing it for me ... not a camper . Would come to Chicago again , but would not stay here . There are too many other options worth investigating .
The location of the hotel is great , right on the river and Michigan Ave . Almost everything is within walking distance . At the price , though , and given the 4 star hotel , we expected better walls . Our room was connected to other rooms on both sides by locked doors . The sound from both rooms came in loud and clear . We heard our one neighbor making business deals on his phone ( he clearly was n't speaking loudly ) , and the other neighbors up at midnight yelling and screaming when they came back drunk . We asked them to be quiet ( I should n't have expected that to work with some young drunks ) then called security , but they did nothing . I was completely annoyed with the noise , especially in an expensive business hotel such as this one . Unless you are in Chicago to party , get drunk , and not get any sleep , I would n't stay here .
I stayed here 2 nights for a business conference . The food was pretty good . And they had these really good mints that I could n't resist . The room was very comfortable and the bed was great . But I was annoyed by many issues . First , their internet went down for a couple of hour when I was there on a break from the conference . It would n't have been big deal except I needed to do some business while it was down . Second , the internet was n't available in the conference rooms . I suppose the conference I attended would have had to pay extra for it . Third , The chair in the room was too low for the desk so I was in an awkward position while using my computer which gave me a back ache later . Fourth , on the second night my key did n't work . So I asked for a new one which also did n't work . So I asked for another one and the same thing happened . Thankfully the front desk asked a security guy to meet me up at my room so I did n't have to go back down to the lobby a third time . Then he came back a little later to tell me I was in the wrong room , which I was n't . Finally , he came back with the right key . Fifth , the TV had one remote control for changing the channels and a different one for the volume . Sixth , they did n't have the comedy channel . Much cheaper hotels do . If this hotel did n't cost so much money all of these things would be minor inconveniences , but I would expect more for what I paid .
First of all , Expedia.com charged me for an additional person per my instructions but when I arrived at the Hotel these monies were not included and the complimentary breakfast was not offered . The Hotel service person who checked us in forgot to give me back my parking ticket but left a generic message for me stating that there was an envelope at the front desk . I had to wait in line for another 20 minutes to discover this the whole time this person was looking at me and never said a word ! ! I was charged and paid for parking adjacent to the Hotel . When we went to leave the gate would not open . We had to find the parking garage office and the Manager had to call several times over to the Hotel until finally someone picked up . They confirmed my payment and then we were allowed to leave the structure . The Hotel itself is beautiful ! ! ! The bell hops and doormen were just wonderful . They were more than helpful and gracious but the internal staff were rude and not helpful at all ! ! ! !
The hotel is just ok . Stayed there for 5 days when visiting friends . They had a renovation going so there was no lobby , bar or anything . Just a decently furnished room for 200 usd . The renovation was not annoying but i think they ahould charge ... much less untill its done . You cant beat the location ! Very convenient especially if u like chicqgo nightlife !
I want to recognize so many people who were exemplary in their service . 1 ) Sylvia Rollins , Head Concierge . I wanted a fairly last minute reservation at MK restaurant . I spoke with Sylvia on the phone just a few days prior to arrival and within 15 minutes had the desired reservation . 2 ) Ryan Lettier , Concierge , provided us detailed information on the architectural cruises . Our morning cruise ended up being cancelled by the tour operator and Ryan provided a late check out time to cover us until we could get back to the Monaco . 3 ) Turndown service was provided as requested and housekeeping in general seemed to be at a high standard 4 ) Even the bellman went out of their way to ask if we knew how to get the train etc when leaving the hotel . The rooms are tastfully furnished in that whimiscal Hotel Monaco feel . Beds and bedding both very comfortable . The complimentary happy hour and morning coffee/tea service were both very utililzed by the hotel guests .
This was the 2nd time that we have stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago . The first time was far above our expectations for a $ 69/per night room . The rooms are very nice , and the beds are comfortable . This time we got a great rate through travelzoo @ $ 104/ night for a room with a view . We were aware of the $ 41 parking per night . The first night we got there the valet was yelling at us and said that we could n't park they were full . We had no clue where to park at this point and had to drive around for over 45 minutes looking at closed parking garages . ( It was a Saturday evening ) Finally found a spot and were told that it would be $ 38 . This was 6 blocks from the hotel . Mind you its -6 outside and we have luggage to carry too . Not very good service for a 5-star hotel . We got inside and apparently they were running a nightclub out of thier lobby , its called the harddrive . That 's cool and all , yes it was very noisy but once we got to our room , it was n't an issue . The HVAC controls to our room were broken . The first night we were ok , but by the second night it was blazing hot in there , 86 degrees . So hot we could n't sleep . It was miserable . They sent up the `` engineer '' and he determined that there was definately a problem and opened our window , 24 floors up . It never did cool down enough in there we kept that window open all night . It was 5 below that night and the window being open 8 '' did n't help . They would not put us in another room either . At checkout , Monday morning , our bill came to $ 240.43 after taxes for the room . We then had a second bill in which our internet and parking was billed on for $ 56.65 . Cool , I got my reciepts and went on our way . On Wednesday I was on my online banking checking my account , to find that Hyatt charged me $ 289.03 and another charge of $ 103.63 ! ! ! That is almost $ 100 more than what the reciepts from checkout say . I was furious , so I called the hotel . Nothing was resolved by my phone call , they treated me as if $ 100 is n't but something you wipe with . She said give it another day or two and see if the additional authorization falls off . That did n't settle well with me , but what could I do . I waited . Its Friday now . I check on my account again and the charges cleared as they should have with the correct original amounts , and they still have `` authorizations '' on the two incorrect amounts as well . They have charged me an additional $ 300 ! ! ! ! ! ! Im so furious ! and guess what ... Hyatt does n't care . They gave me the same [ -- ] line as they did Wednesday . SAVE YOURSELF SOME HASSLE AND DO N'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL UNLESS YOU HAVE EXTRA MONEY FOR THEM TO PLAY WITH .
Great location - right on the Chicago River - away from the other skyscraper hotels - our room was good size , very clean and with a nice river view - Overall , a great staff - in particular I would like to point out Christy Morgan - Chief Experience Officer and Paula Fortney - Concierge for their assistance in making this stay a memorable one - ( in the interests of full disclosure , we stayed here on our AMEX - Starwood points )
This place is a dump . I booked on Priceline , because the last time I booked a Priceline hotel in Chicago , I got the Westin and loved it . Despite having paid for Priceline , I ate the money I had already spent and called for a reservation at the Westin and went there for the weekend , instead . I did n't regret it for a second . You will be disappointed if you stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker because you are paying for a Holiday Inn at the price of a Westin when you could have the real deal for just a little more . The location is not worth the place being old and so unimpressive . There are enough hotels near the loop ( and near a train/bus stop if you need to move around the city inexpensively ) that you should not spend the money on the Millenium . Do not waste your time and stay here -- this is a trap because of its location , but it 's not worth it . Really .
Stayed here for 5 nights while visiting Chicago for the first time . The location is great , the hotel has been recently renovated and our room was very spacious with two bathrooms . The lobby is a great place to chill and have a drink . Did n't eat in the restaurant but there are a few good ones nearby and we were beside The Art Institute , Cultural Centre & Macys . Staff were friendly . Would recommend it as a base to tour the city .
I was lucky enough to get a `` 4 star '' hotel off of Priceline for $ 70 - I was luckier that I got the Knickerbocker ! From check in to check out the hotel staff was extremely helpful and friendly . The rooms are small but cozy . After reading the reviews from other guests I was somewhat scared of what I would find - they must have stayed at a different hotel . I am a very frequent traveler and felt that the rooms and the hotel met the `` 4 star '' rating . Yes , the rooms and bathrooms were small , but what historic hotel in a big city is n't ? The decor and quality met my expectations . The lobby and bar were very inviting . Overall , I would stay here again and again .
This was a weekend trip for my friends and I . We booked a couple of rooms and asked in advanced for the reservations to be connected in some way . Our rooms were right next to one another as requested . As it was almost everyone 's first time to Chicago , we had to do a bit of cold-searching for a hotel . And , our choice was next to perfect . I had an amazing time during my first visit to Chicago and it was largely due to this hotel . The customer service was AMAZING . Everyone was extremely nice and helpful . One of our rooms ordered late night room service and raved about how they felt they had ordered a 5 star lunch because it was as fresh as having ordered food at 2 pm , and delicious . My friend suggested they had a full-staff at 3 am because the food came up quickly too . In another of our rooms , housekeeping had accidentally discarded a CD when replacing the CD player with an iPod dock . The concierge had the exact CD purchased and ready at check-out from the neighboring record store . Our rate included complimentary breakfast which was fantastic ! Everything was freshly made in their kitchen too . An added bonus was that the hotel is attached to a mall . Therefore , you do n't need to leave the building to get a pair of shoes , a coffee , or a some other type of trinket . I was beyond pleased with this hotel and would stay here again without hesitation .
I have n't actually stayed at this hotel- yet- but am already disappointed in their customer service . I visit Chicago quite often and usually stay at the InterContinental , but yesterday I read some online articles advertising The James Hotel 's `` Cyber Monday Special '' . The promo states that if you buy a gift certificate from their website , the hotel will match that amount in `` James Credits '' that can be used toward your stay . None of the articles gave an expiration date for these credits . My next trip to Chicago is in April , so I thought I 'd give The James a try . I travel frequently with my pet and I 've heard they have a very liberal pet-policy . So today I went online and bought a $ 500 certificate . Me , having the one track mind that I do , somehow missed the part about the credits expiring March 31 , 2010 . I realized my mistake immediately and called the hotel front desk to explain my predicament . I said I could n't be in Chicago until April ( I 'm overseas on business until then ) , and asked if they could extend my credits an extra month , or it not , refund my gift certificate purchase . I had only just made the purchase minutes before and had n't even recieved my email confirmation yet . Most businesses offer a 24 hr grace period . The girl at the front dest was extremely rude to me- basically saying `` too bad , it 's your problem now '' . She did n't even bother to act polite or pretend to be sympathetic about my situation at all . So now that I know this is the kind of service I can expect from The James , I might just call it a wash and stay at my usual hotel , or try Hotel Monaco . I hear they have great service and are good with pets too .
My daughter and I woke in the morning wanting to go swimming . When we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum . I then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool , one white phone and one emergency red phone , to call the desk . Both were out of service ! ! ! ! I am glad there was n't an emergency . As we were exited the pool area I ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean ... . never heard back .
When making my reservation , I made it for one of the most busiest weekends during the summer Memorial Day . The staff was able to get my family in at an affordable rate . The suites are very spacious , clean , cozy , and comfortable . Upon on arriving staff were friendly , willing to exceed expectations , and serve me with enthusiasm . The Hot Breakfast was delicious each morning . The beds are very comfortable and provided a good nights rest . I would recommend this hotel to my friends and anyone who need additional space when traveling and on a budget compared to other Chicago hotels .
Our first visit to Chicago and I really can not wait to go back . The hotel was in a great location and every member of staff we had contact with were exceptionally helpful . Particular mention should go to the door staff who were amazingly helpful . The room was clean , quiet and spacious , if only every hotel were like this .
As a regular visitor to Chicago and a freuent guest at the Ambassador East , I was exceptionally disappointed during our last visit . Room service has been eliminated despite the renowned Pump Room being located in the hotel , there was no in-room directory , the carpet was torn and stained , no phone book , the refigerator and honor bar had been removed , and the room was so small I had to turn sideays to get past the bed and the armoire . I asked the desk clerk about larger rooms , and he said they were all the same except for corner rooms - which is untrue , as there are several larger room types . He did n't even offer to check availablity of other rooms ! In talking with the consierge , she blamed everything on upcoming renovations - which the hotel has been promising for more than two years . All in all , a very disappointing , and expensive , experience .
Went there for business and the Hard Rock Hotel on Wacker Drive was recommended . I was to meet my girlfriend there who had arrived 1 hour before me . When she go there at 6PM , the room was n't ready , the phone did n't work , the shower did n't work . When I got there she was already very upset . I called the manager to complain , but was put on hold for 30 min . I could hear everything in the room next to me as if there was n't any wall separating us . I asked for a wake up call , but nobody called me the next morning . When I called to complain the next day , the told me the phone system was down . Ordered room service and got the wrong order ... The building is very old and the elevator sounds like it is on its last breath ... I would not recommend it to anyone Patrick
Very disappointed in our stay in Chicago Monoco . We have stayed many times elsewhere , primarily in washington DC and are accustomed to great customer service , beverages like water or soda at the wine bar , coffee and papers in the morning , help with bags . Not only did the Chicago monoco do none of these things , the staff was not helpful , either . Requests were not honored and the staff did not seem happy to be there . YOu got the feeling you were `` bothering '' people if you asked a question . No bellman , the doorman did not open the door or help with bags . Even though we were traveling with a child , I had to request a fish when they did not bring it . Really baffling.. as we love the Monoco in Washington .
Just spent three nights at the Amalfi Hotel , while in Chicago on business . Booked a king-corner room and loved it . Largest room I 've ever had in a hotel in Chicago , incredibly comfortable , very clean . The breakfast and evening cocktails were a nice bonus too . And the location could n't be beat . Walking distance to the the River , the Loop , Michigan Ave shopping and convenient to public transportation . I noticed a number of reviews commented on the noise ; yes there is some street noise , and the building across the street is under construction ( the noise from that was usually between 730-4 , if you want to sleep late during the week ask for a room on the back side ) but really , in downtown Chicago it 's not going to be silent , if you want silence stay in the suburbs . If you want a great hotel ( at a great price ) right in the thick of everything , stay at the Amalfi .
I stayed at the Fairmont Chicago for one night - I 'm a frequent business traveler and am very familiar with travel rituals . I checked in late ( almost 10pm ) due to flight cancellations from my home airport -- Atlanta . I took the shuttle to the airport ( best option in lieu of the over priced taxis ) , and it was my first time staying at the hotel . Upon arrival , I immediately noticed the entrance , which appeared very welcoming and warm to me . I checked in with no problems -- and the desk person even asked if I 'd prefer a king or double ( reconfirming my reservation preference ) . I always take the king when I can , and the bed was fantastic ! It was suited with great linen and these incredible down & feather pillows named Encompass made by The Pillow Factory -- I checked the tags , since I plan to buy some ! I ate dinner at the hotel restaurant - Aria , which they mention they like to be considered separate from the hotel -- and YES , it does stand out all on it 's own . The food is Asian fusion , and truly wonderful -- as a gourmand and life-long foodie , I appreciate great food when I taste it ! The hotel service was good as well . Only drawback was the breakfast buffet at the restaurant -- seems they need to stick with their dinner theme solely . They missed the mark on relatively simply things like scrambled eggs on the buffet , which tasted a bit 'metallic ' . But they made up for it by getting a special order made immediately after I passed on the buffet . I would highly recommend this hotel -- it has atmosphere and a great view ( if you can get a room with one ) , fabulous dinner -- just pass on the breakfast buffet .
We arrived for a weekend stay and really enjoyed the hotel . The cocktail hour was so full of people that we could not get in . The second night we went earlier and it was very nice . The staff was very helpful and had a good knowledge of the area . The rooms were modern and very clean . We will stay there again .
Was there recently for one night for a conference . Tried to check-in at 5:30pm ( the published check-in was 3pm ) , they said my room was n't ready , where as others coming after me were assigned rooms . Was given a dummy door key card and asked to chill in the lounge on the 32nd floor and that they would call on may cell as soon as the room was ready . I chilled there until 8pm , no call , so went out for dinner . Came back at 9:30pm and asked if my room was ready . The gal said of course yes and give me a key . When asked why no one called me , she just shrugged . No , my troubles did not end there . I went to the room and opened the door only to find someone else in the room . Came back to the lobby , then they apologized and gave me another room . I said I was not going to walk-in on somebody else again , so they sent someone with me to open the new room . For all my `` trouble '' they reduced my bill by about 40 % . It was definitely not worth the trouble they put me thru . Very bad experience .
Just got back from 2 days up in Chicago shopping with girlfriends . First time I have stayed at the Omni . I did so because I saw a $ 129.00 rate that included $ 25.00 of free food on Travelzoo . The three of us ( 55 year olds ) all stayed in one suite with 2 double beds and a VERY comfortable pull out sofa . We had plenty of room . Food in the restaurant was great , service was outstanding from everone we came into contact with , early morning delivery of free coffee , juice and hot chocolate was fabulous and recommendations from the staff on where to eat , time of movies , shopping areas , etc was really helpful . Need I mention the outstanding location ? Simply the best ! We all decided that the Omni is our new favorite hotel .
My boyfriend and I were amazed by the breathtaking view of Lake Michigan ! We are from Texas so the view of the city was very important to us . We had no problems at this hotel ... rooms , service , location were top notch .
After reading the reviews on this hotel , I decided to book my stay for July 4th weekend here and I am glad I did , this hotel is absolutely beautiful . Our suite was gorgeous it is a very romantic hotel with big sit in picture windows . I do have 1 complaint . The bar is very boring and the resturant is not that great , but other than that I loved it . I would definitely stay there again .
I loved this hotel - fabulous old building but with first class modern amenities . Great location , as it 's so close to both lakeshore and city . Chicago is such a walkable city , so this was a superb base . The staff were just lovely - so very friendly and efficient . The room was wonderful - very , very comfortable and exceptionally clean . Great chair . Great coffee . Lovely bathroom with a huge , absolutely fantastic shower . It was also extremely quiet . That , and the best bed ever , meant I slept so well and since I was there for a week , that was very important to me . Yummy martinis at the Martini Bar . I will most definitley be back !
We booked our stay through Priceline.com and got a great deal . We were only staying one night and we had our 2 year old with us . At check-in , we were upgraded to a suite with a lake view of Lake Michigan . It was beautiful . The suite had a king bed with a living room and a bar and mini-fridge which we did n't need , but if we were staying longer , it would have been a godsend . This hotel is in close proximity with Grant Park which has the beautiful Buckingham Fountain . We walked around the park and even saw a movie being filmed ... .but if you are looking for a hotel with a lot of restaurants around it , this is n't the one . We ended up eating at the Irish Pub inside the hotel ( Kitty O'Shea 's ) which has great food . ( We have stayed here before and always end up eating here . ) There are a lot of attractions within a mile including the Field Museum , Shedd Aquarium , Soldier Field , and Navy Pier . They may not be walking distance but we could see them from our hotel window . Overall , we had another wonderful stay at the Chicago Hilton . ( Our 4th stay ) The only downside is the expensive parking within the hotel ... ..41 dollars a night is kind of ridiculous .
Negative points : 1 . I guess they gave me the worst room . It 's small room with a king size bed even though I 'd requested a room with two queen beds . 2 . No roll away bed was available so I had to sleep on the floor . 3 . The tub in the bathroom would not drain . 4 . No exhaust fan in the bathroom . 5. broken furniture . Plus point : 1 . Convenient location .
Our non-smoking room smelled very badly of stale cigarette smoke . We were not allowed to change rooms . Also , the concierge staff was unprofessional , telling long winded personal stories to uninterested guests while long lines formed . The location was great . Hotel is dated , but would still be a nice place to stay if it were n't for customer service issues .
The Chicago Hyatt Regency deceptively alters the cancellation policy by charging the full room rate upon cancellation -- ie the room can not be cancelled . I recently booked over the phone a one night stay directly with the hotel . The reservation specialist mentioned over the phone there was a 72-hour cancellation policy . However , when I tried to cancel the reservation within that timeframe , Robert , the reservation supervisor , said that the room could not be cancelled at any time without charging full price for the room . He said that I should refer to the confirmation e-mail that states at the bottom that prepayment is required at time of booking / non-refunable . This clearly was not what was agreed to over the phone . I told him to cancel without being charged . In response , he threatened to cancel and charge me for the full stay . Why would someone cancel if they are going to be charged full price ? The bottom line is the hotel deceptively changed the terms of the agreement , and Robert should go back to customer service school !
The hotel is beautiful . It is an excellent location . There was a few minor issues . The hotel is clearly geared toward the convention and business crowd . There were charges for almost everything , although I did not incur any of these . Our room was a little small for the class of hotel , but not overwhelmingly small . Not a true complaint , but the elevators were very slow . My comparison was that we stayed in an equally aged hotel in a different city during our trip , and the Intercontinental 's were significantly slower . That 's it , no more little nit picks . The staff was excellent , the doormen being the highlight . The hotel bar was also very nice . The hotel was immaculately clean . I would definitely travel to this hotel again .
Booked through Hotwire and consequently was placed in a room where we barely had room to walk around our luggage . The 'view ' was of the 'inner courtyard ' of nothing but walls of windows of the other rooms . You were unable to determine what the weather was outside except that it was either day or night . They no longer have in-room coffee appliances . You either have to go down to their ostentatious dining room , or go around the corner to Starbucks or McDonald 's . Internet access is not free ( $ 12.95/24 hours ) , the `` Gift Shop '' is a joke ( tucked away in the corner of the coat check room , Concierge services have limited hours , and the business center is open only during 'business hours ' which made it difficult to get work done after 'business hours . '' I would not stay there ever again , nor do I recommend it to anyone . I have had better stays at any Holiday Inn Express !
Stayed here for one night in June , but have stayed here before when on business in Chicago . Great location for business/shopping/sightseeing . In between Michigan Avenue 's Magnificent Mile and the Loop and next to the Chicago River . Rooms very spacious and clean . Gym has a wonderful view , as it is situated on the top of the hotel . Bar next to lobby , very busy with good atmosphere . Can not fault the hotel . Prefer it to the Westin - my previous address when in Chicago .
My wife and I stayed at the James recently and we had a great experience . The hotel as others have mentioned is in an ideal location . It 's in a quiet location , yet so close to many neighborhoods that you want to go to . We upgraded to a studio room which was totally worth the additional cost . It didnt have all the midcentury furniture that the website photos have , but it was elegantly appointed , spacious , and as we were on the inside of the building very quiet . The service was amazing . Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful , as well as knowledgeable . This was true from the doormen at the front , to people at the desk and the servers in the restaurant . Both Concierges that we dealt with had great suggestions , and were able to understand our style and sensibilities when helping us out . The breakfast at Prime downstairs is among the best I have ever had in a hotel , this goes for the room service as well . Dinner there was good , but not great . I mentioned almost flawless , as there was a situation that occurred involving the Spa in the hotel . It involved scheduling and was aggravating , as the hotel actively encourages its use . However , Caroline who is one of the hotel managers did an amazingly competent job of making sure that we were satisfied , following up on progress and was a true pleasure to deal with . The experience could have left a very bad taste in my mouth but was resolved quickly . Overall , we left extremely satisfied with our stay and look forward to many future visits .
beautiful place with European charm . No complaints , great location , ( never like parking in Chicago , though ) . It was $ 35 a night next door . Large beautiful lobby , a touch of class . Fantastic location for downtown , Navy Pier , and the great Grant Park ( Millenium Park , too ) ... Loved it .
I called on December 6th , 2010 at 3 p.m. to book a room for an upcoming weekend getaway , and was taken aback when the phone was picked up and promptly hung up without a word . Thinking this might have been a simple mistake , I gave it another try . A woman introducing herself as `` Toni '' answered the phone , rushed through her introduction , sounding incredibly bored and annoyed that she had to answer the phone . Barely letting a second go by after her introduction , she gave a snotty `` Hello ? ! '' before I could open my mouth and tell her `` Never mind . '' Never has a hotel answered my call so rudely . I 'd like to give the hotel the benefit of the doubt and pin this unpleasant experience to `` Toni '' ; however I will not be calling back again in hopes to stay at this hotel during this trip .
The lobby of the Homewood is right down the hall from the kitchen and dining room ( actually more of a grade school cafeteria type set up ) . The odors from the kitchen were disgusting , and indeed reminded my of that of a institutional kitchen ( I.e . hospital ) . The free breakfast and free dinner were not at all palatable . I suppose that if you are traveling with a young family as many guests were , that makes this hotel a good value . But i would not stay here again .
The Omni is in a fabulous location on Michigan Avenue . Within just blocks are all types of stores , including Saks , Nordstroms , H & M , Filenes Basement , Macys , La Perla , Apple , Bloomingdates ... ..I could go on and on ! The room itself was fabulous . Comfortable , nice big flat screen tvs , nice sized bathroom . They charge for Wi-Fi , but we found if we clicked yes on joining their guest program we could then go from the sign-on screen right to our email without actually completing the registration . We got this hotel for $ 214/night through Priceline and felt it was a terrific deal !
We visited for my 40th birthday . We had never been to Chicago so was not sure where to stay . Found the deal on this hotel from Travelzoo . Great rate , staff was awesome , very helpful and nice , location was great . Enjoyed our stay but still like NYC better . Great , great hotel . Would stay again .
We stay at Hilton for 4 nights last march . It was a pleasant stay . We got a large room with 2 double beds and 2 bathrooms , The TV was Ok , a 27 ' CRT Flat Screen . The coincierge was very friendly when we need . The room was very cleaned when we arrived , we ordered some pizzas from room service and the pizza was Ok also.The main Hall is beautiful . The breakfast is charged , 20 dollars , kinda expensive . The internet access ( WiFi ) is charged , 13 dollars/day . Pros : Low rate price , huge rooms , close to attractions at Loop , close to metro station . Cons : Expensive breakfast , Internet access charged . Tip : When leaving the building , always use the Michigan Av exit . Its a great view .
Booked a room online and got a great rate under $ 200 which is very cheap for a summer hotel room in Chicago in this nice location , 3 blocks I think from the water . Even though our rate was so cheap , the service was wonderful , the front desk were polite & cheerful , the doormen and valet were great and helpful , and they even put a fridge in our room when we requested on , free of charge ! The fitness room was clean , large and provided fruit and clean towels , and it had the greatest view of the city as it was on the top floor of the hotel . Location of hotel is safe , and such a beautiful area . Check the rates directly online of the hotel 's website , as it was the least expensive . We will stay here again for sure .
I stay in Chicago all the time on business and had my first stay at the Chicago Hilton . I pretty much only stay at Hilton properties and have stayed at tons from Hawaii all the way to Budapest . This Hilton is not up to par . It 's clean and the front desk staff is nice , but in Chicago , The Drake , Doubletree Guest Suites , and even the Hilton Garden Inn are all superior to the Chicago Hilton ( and less expensive ) . Compared to other Hilton properties in Chicago , the rooms were not as well appointed , the bathrooms in the rooms were smaller and not as nice , the TV was tiny , the hallways on the executive floor were very noisy all night long , and the breakfast you get was more like a Hampton Inn than a 4 star hotel . If you 're going to Chicago and you like Hilton brand hotels , you can do far better than this place .
My wife and I brought our daughter downtown for a blowout `` American Girl '' Weekend and chose the Monaco because of it 's glowing reviews . We arrived late and maybe that 's when they put out their second-stringers , but we felt unwelcome by the desk staff -- like we were an intrusion . I 'll never understand this -- they 're in the hospitality business and they 're inhospitable ! ( This is getting picky , but the reception desk which is cleverly designed to look like a vintage Louis Vuitton trunk needs some maintenance . The repeated `` HM '' initials are peeling off -- looks like they used rub-downs where they should have silk screened for durability ) . When we got to our room we found the maid 's ratty work shoes at the foot of the bed ( yuck ! ) . I 'm still trying to figure out that scenario . There were no ashes -- so I 've ruled out spontaneous combustion . Also , to the disappointment of my daughter , the much-advertised goldfish was MIA . The bellhop ( who apologized for the shoes ) explained that they take away the fish when they turn down the bed `` ... is that OK ? '' he said . I think the proper response at a hotel like this would have been to bring up a stinking 35C/ fish to make a tired 5-year-old happy . On the up side , the rooms are nice and have an over-the-top decoration that my daughter loved ( `` I 'd like to live here ! '' she said ) . The bed is VERY comfortable -- my wife wants the same brand now . The bathroom is nicely appointed with quality materials and good strong shower -- except for the cheap fall-apart-while-you're-using-it toilet paper . Come on Kimpton ! How much can a decent roll cost ? The view towards the river is great ( try to get one ) and my daughter loved the upholstered wide ledge by the window -- she closed the curtains and was in her own `` club house '' watching the world go by from from high above the city . In short : very nice hotel -- desk staff at night could be nicer ( would n't cost anything and would have made up for the maid 's shoes ! )
I was looking for a fun , contemporary hotel and it did n't deliver . The lobby was nice , and the rooms were mostly clean , but it really was n't special . Service time was slow for room requests , I found empty water bottles under the chair , and the a
We enjoyed the Hotel Monaco . Great location for walking and beautiful rooms . The staff was so friendly and we especially enjoyed the wine reception and getting to meet other guests . Will definitely stay there again !
Staff were friendly , room was well kept like a typical Hyatt location . Hotel is huge , with two buildings and over 2000 rooms . Good location , close to Michigan Ave and the subway . Parking is $ 48/day . Ouch ! I bid on it on Priceline for $ 59 .
We just got back from a great weekend in Chicago and have no complaints about the Palmer House . It 's very easy to get to from O'hare ( the Blue line on the EL train ) and then just a 2 block walk from the train station . The hotel itself is beautiful and the staff is super friendly and go out of their way to help . We booked an air/hotel package deal on Expedia . We expected to stay in a room with a full size bed but for only $ 45 extra per night we upgraded to the Excutive level ! Best decision of the trip . We had a beautiful room with a King bed , down comforter , robes , plush towels etc ... it also included a nice Continental breakfast each morning , all day snacks and beverages and a great happy hour ! We took advantage of this every day . The location was great..lots of shopping along State St. and to get to the Magnificent Mile was a $ 5 cab ride or a 20 minute walk ! We 'll be back to Chicago and the Palmer House !
Not worth the price , even a little bit . A week prior to scheduled check-in , receiving an email for a room upgrade and accepting , of course , upon arrival , nobody knows about it . Typical . After nobody was doing anything about it , I notified them of this stay 's review will be posted on the newly-developing TheChicagoCritic . Com , all of a sudden they figured out the problem and even offered an early check-in . Too little , Too late . Very small room with 2 queens instead of the `` Select King '' I was supposed to have . Windows didnt open , TV took forever to change channels and the bathroom fan was not controllable . The faboulous Lodge Net system that every hotel in the world uses for ease of checkout for guests , well there was no check out feature . This shit hole could n't hold a candle to the Las Vegas Hard Rock !
This hotel can not be beat for location , price , & atmosphere . The location is ideal , at the corner of State & Kinzie . There are fantastic restaurants & bars all around , including House of Blues & Harry Caray 's . We stayed in a `` Corner King '' room . The room was amazing . Two of the four walls are floor to ceiling windows . Even just being on the 5th floor , we had great views of the surrounding area . The decor and amenities are unmatched . The decor is very clean & simple but luxurious . The hotel is easy to miss from street level , but should n't be . The staff were extremely friendly and accommodating . Its a perfect home base if your plans revolve around River North , State Street shopping , or Clark Street nightlife . Even if you 'll be on the Mag Mile , this is a short cab ride away . We 've officially named this our downtown hotel of choice !
Staying here currently . Had aspired to sleep . The paper thin walls allow even the slightest peep from your neighbor to feel like you 're right in bed with them . Could n't sleep anyway because of the cheap , giant fluffy pillows . Called housekeeping , asked for any help ... was simply and accomodatingly told , after my plea for help , could they , would they have any ability to supply me with a reasonable pillow ? Complete answer before hanging up : `` We do not . '' Hyatt , may your well executed service lead to your demise . Happy
This small boutique hotel is tucked away in a perfect location between the Loop and the Miracle Mile . Two blocks west of the Wrigley Building and so convenient to restaurants , etc . The staff , from doormen to desk folks are extra nice and accommodating . The delicious breakfast on each floor is ultra-convenient , the evening happy hour is more than generous , and the morning paper is welcome . Bedding is so comfortable . This is our second stay , and certainly not our last . We love Chicago , and this hotel is one of the reasons why .
The hotel is in a good location . It is very contemporary in decoration . Beautiful flowers in lobby . The room service was very good . Concierge services were also very good . We were treated well . The shower water pressure was very poor . Also , at checkout our room bill was conveniently not available so they mailed it to us , which we were charged for the 3rd night when our room was actually prepaid . It was courteously taken care of after contacting hotel . Bar was very small and uninviting and there was very poor selection for appetizers/food . read more
me ( taking a cue from david dancer ) : 'sup ? front desk person : yes ? me : so , do I have to wait in the elevator line to get up to my room ? front desk person : what room are you in ? me : **** front desk person : oh . ... i 'm afraid so . OR , you can take the other elevators and take the fire stairs up to the 10th floor . me : oh ? wtf ! so , we 're staying at this hotel , and there is a bar on the 29th floor , but we have to wait 15 minutes in line to get to our fucking hotel room ? get bent ! we 're paying to stay here , not just drinking in your bar !
Do you imagine getting there for the first time and overlooking the room , that was supposed to be ready , with used towels and the mouthwash opened and used ? what about when they left the towel for the floor ( the foot towel ) to dry my face ? what about the slippers that , although being still in the bag , had all the sole broken and left tiny plastic parts over the way to the garbage ( all over the room , de facto ) . i did n't realise that would happen to me until i saw paris hilton on tv and then i knew god is great and he did it to us for being such an idiots to go to a company that has been able to create her . shame on us , actually !
We stayed at Amalfi for 2 nights and i have to say after reading all the reviews here i expected a little bit more . It 's a fine place with clean bathrooms and comfy beds but it 's just not worth the money . It does have comfy beds and free continental breakfast . The sheets though , made us itch for some reason and we are normally not sensitive to these things . The breakfast could really benefit from some bagels or yougurt . Otherwise , it 's just an early morning sugar attach of muffins , danishes , sweet breads , and croissants . There are plenty of restaurants around but they are all of the big chain variety , if you are into that sort of thing . Also , the windows do not open and there is a climate control device in the room . The problem with it that it keeps blowing air all the time , alternating between cold and warm , right over the bed . There is a sign not to turn it off but we did once just to see what happens and the air in the room got uncomfortably stale . They do have a business center where you can send fax and use internet for free . The problem is it is only one tiny room with one computer in there . One person at a time ... All and all , we will not stay there again . If we feel like luxury , we have to find some other place . But if we feel like a regular hotel in the heart of the city , maybe we will try Red Roof Inn or something like that . At least we 'll know what we are paying for .
Stay Away ! After generations as an old-world , cozy and stately , if a bit tired oasis , the AE has been purchased by Ian Schrager and taken down so many notches it 's almost not functional . Allowing for the fact that the hotel is under renovation , the entrance is not handicapped accessible , and I saw several hotel guests with canes , casts , etc ( including myself , recovering from foot surgery and in a cast , with a cane ) struggling with the up and down outside stairs one has to navigate just to get into and out of the hotel . With luggage , it 's almost impossible . This is simply inexcusable . I 've been a customer of the Ambassador East for decades -- but no more . The hallways are so dark one can barely see . The rooms are stark white , which in and of itself , is n't a particular problem , but it is jarring and almost painful as one 's eyes adjust from the dark hallways . The furniture -- stark and scant -- looks like something from an Ikea closeout . The bed is comfortable -- what a relief -- but only about 15 inches off of the floor , a real problem if you 're at all physically challenged , or even elderly and less flexible than you were in your salad days . The problems do n't end there . My room had a horribly uncomfortable wire/metal desk chair , and absolutely nowhere else to sit . No arm chair , no demi-sofa , no ottoman . With a foot in a cast , it would have been nice to be able to sit comfortably , perhaps even with my leg elevated , while in the room . No way . The bathroom has absolutely nowhere to put any of your toiletries . Not a shelf , a small table , a nook , or a medicine cabinet . If you want to put a razor , shaving cream , makeup ( for women ) or anything else down so that you can use them , you 're sh*t out of luck . Repeated requests for a small table or some sort of chair went unmet . A borrowed umbrella from the front desk was broken and unusable , something I did n't discover until caught in an expected downpour . I was tempted to throw it out , but remembered that they would charge me for it if I did n't return it , in spite of its total lack of usefulness . Refrigerator -- forget it . Shampoo ? For two days in a row , the housekeeper left several bottles of lotion , and no shampoo . Room service -- not available . If you want breakfast , the front desk will sell you a small , pre-wrapped , commercial grade muffin for $ 4.00 -- something you can buy in any gas station for $ 1.00 . No added value whatsoever . The photos show a nice entrance , and a large lobby for which the AE has long been famous . Unfortunately , that lobby is closed off , under construction , and the temporary lobby is on the second floor , difficult , again , for handicapped access . Thermos-bottled coffee and water for tea were stone cold , at 8 in the morning . When confronted with these various misses , the front desk staff repeatedly shrugged their shoulders and said , `` Yeah , we know , you 're not the first to tell us this stuff . '' All this shows is that Schrager does n't even care to make an effort to make his guests comfortable , and that the staff is either too indifferent or too amateur to know the difference and even make an effort to get it right . It 's one thing to get a good price on a hotel room when it 's under renovation . It 's another thing altogether to get screwed in the bargain , particularly after booking a non-refundable pre-paid reservation . Again , avoid this hotel like the plague .
I recently stayed here for the Chicago triathlon . This was my third stay at this hotel . I have not had any issues until this visit . After the 3rd day of my stay I requested my room to be serviced and returned to what I thought was a clean room . While getting out of bed I was cut by a piece of glass in the carpet . I must not have been the first person to be cut in the room because I found dried blood on the bathroom floor afterwards . I had not noticed it before so I was very disgusted . We notified the staff and asked that the room be vacuumed and the bathroom mopped . We returned to the room after 5pm to find that the dried blood was still on the floor . After making a complaint to the customer service I have gotten no reply from the hotel . Considering the price point of this downtown hotel I would think that they would try to live up the 5 star rating but instead they have failed miserably . Luckily there are many hotels to choose from in downtown Chicago .
We recently celebrated our 20th anniversary in Chicago and stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel and Towers . Having looked at a gizillion places I chose this one because of its location to Navy Pier . ( We were going on a dinner cruise-The Odyssey at Navy Pier ) The hotel is a short walk ... unless you are wearing heels : ) to Navy Pier . We found out on the way home only a $ 5 cab ride : ) worth $ 20 to your blisters ! ! Its also only a short walk to Michigan Ave shopping ... for comfortable shoes perhaps ? ? I chose this hotel because of location , but the views are also terrific . This time we had a lake view of Navy Pier , but our previous trip we had a river and lake view . both very nice . The hotel is very nice . Several restaurants , although we have n't tried them . The burger place downstairs sure smelled good though : ) We ended up at Bubba Gumps at Navy Pier . GOOD ! The rooms were very spacious and CLEAN ! ! I am kind of a germaphobe ! so clean is important for my sanity : ) The bottom level has doors that leads right out to the riverwalk , and a cool water fountain . : ) I obviously highly recommend this hotel : ) I < 3 CHICAGO
The best service ! ! ! The staff here was incredible . You never had to lift a finger . The room was huge as hotel rooms go . The view was phenomenal . Location great . What a great weekend . We did stop for a drink at the Palm Restaurant and unfortunately , it closes at 11 p.m. Too bad ! ! ! The Lobby Lounge is open later but drinks costs twice as much as the bar at the Palm .
I already wrote a review about all the free stuff you get but now I 'm going to write about the location ! I like to walk . This place was close to EVERYTHING ! ! ! ! The 'Taste of Chicago ' was on during the 4th of July . Let me tell you , this was the best 'taste ' of a city that I have ever been to . It was massive and took 10 mins to walk there . I took the train in from the airport ( it was around $ 2.00 but it was a solid 45 mins but for $ 2.00 , how can you complain ? ) and it was approx a 10 walk to the hotel . We pretty much walked everywhere . We walked the entire magnificent mile strip . We went to the Blue Navy or whatever the docks are called . My favourite bar was 'Pops for Champagne . ' Wow . I love champagne . And then of course there was the John Hancock Centre . And lots of shopping !
Our room was on the third floor so there was some street noise - but it certainly did n't spoil our 4 nights in this lovely hotel . Wine tasting evening went down extremely well after a day seeing the sights of the city ! ! Our goldish was called Oliver - nobody could believe we had our very own goldfish in our room ! ! All the staff were really helpful and welcoming , making our stay here very relaxing and comfortable . Would certainly recommend this hotel .
We stayed at the AE for two nights for a three generation `` girls weekend '' ( Grandma , mom and daughter ) . I looked at their website for an idea of rates and looked at any packages that might interest us . Then I called the property directly and was assisted by a very gracious man named Reece . Rates were a bit high for the Saturday night portion of our stay but when I requested the American Girl Package , he was more than happy to honor the advertised rate . The American Girl package was perfect for us . My 8 year old daughter was thrilled . They give you a doll bed , a backpack and a travel kit to keep . They have matching bathrobes for girl and doll ( you do n't get to keep those ) . She also got a special welcome letter and a complimentary room service snack from a specially printed menu . Our room , 1334 , was large and clean . It had two double beds with nice linens , two chairs , a desk and a clean bathroom . The employees are all very friendly and helpful . We had a drink in the Pump Room but did not eat there . We ate breakfast nearby at a great place called the 3rd Coast . This hotel is north of Michigan Ave . But it is just a short , pleasant walk to the Mag . Mile . I would definately stay here again in Chicago .
I unfortunately stayed for 3 nights at the Knickerbocker Hotel ... I should have checked out on day 1 . The bathrooms were filthy dirty with tangled hairs on the floor behind the door and after a few nights of scratching and the feeling of skin crawling ... I pulled the bed away from the bedhead and watched as little rice sized brown bugs scurried over the white sheets ... bed bugs ! Which I might add the hotel are saying are flying insects from the windows being left open from when the window cleaners were there ( fortunately I took photos to the contrary ) Finding the bed bugs ... I looked at the mattress protector and pillows and found long hairs on both ... I was disgusted at the hygeine and would never stay again at this establishment .
When you check into a hotel after being stuck in a airport , you areusually not in the best of mood . I , working in a upscale hotel , do encounter many guests checking in who this has happened to . All they want is a friendly face and a smooth check in . The desk clerk who checked me in at this property , did neither . She was short , rude , handed me my keys and walked away . I would never go back to this property due to this .
I choose the Homewood Suites in Downtown Chicago because I called them directly in search of a two bed room within walking distances of the attractions of Chicago . Well , when we arrived , it was apparent that there was chaos do to one of two elevators being out of service ( which it had been since Tuesday , this was Saturday ) . Once we finally got to the 6th floor to check in , I figured our relaxing time had begun . Well , we got our room key and headed for the17th floor . Again , waited for an elevator but finally made it two our room . I put the key in the door it opened to the surprise of me and the family already inside the room - Yup we got double booked . The family was very nice and seemed OK with their surprise visitors . Said our apologies and went back to the elevator and waited again to head back down to the 6th floor registration to figure the mess out . We have now been at the hotel for a half hour with no room and slightly annoyed . Made it to the reservation desk and explained the situation . I did get an apology and a new room . New key in hand waited AGAIN for an elevator to bring us to the 9th floor for a new room . FINALLY got to our room only to find it was a king suite . We are a family of four including two full grown teenage boys . There was no way they were going to fit on a pull out sofa . So , REALLY annoyed now , I called the front desk and was told that were no rooms with two beds left even though I had specifically asked for two beds when I booked . It said two beds on preference on my reservation but the reservation agent assured me two beds would be available when I checked in . She went so far to but TWO BEDS on my reservation paper work . The operator said there are is only one two bed room on each floor . The only thing we got was a fold up bed that took away half the room in the living area . Now , I paid a total of 349.00 for one night for this room . We got the mess mentioned above and a breakfast out of the deal . I am pretty sure my next trip to Chicago will not include this hotel . I can tell you that we are frequent HWS/Hilton customers but this hotel will not be on our list of stops in the future .
My wife and I stayed here for a weekend in Chicago and had an okay experience . The location contrary to other reviews is not very good for a downtown Chicago hotel . Everything is at least a fifteen minute walk which in the winter in Chicago means a taxi ride . The other thing that you should know about this hotel is that they allow smoking everywhere . I do n't necessarily mind people smoking but the lobby , the elevator lobbies and any area that was public had tons of people smoking and ashtrays everywhere . The pool/spa/excercise room was not very impressive either . It is accessible by walking through the business center corridor , wondering if you 're going the right way and then coming to a pool that is extremely small . There is also no hot tub and the `` spa '' is a closet with a massage table . The concierge was helpful but the people that answer the `` sheraton promise '' phone told me that there was nothing they could do about ice being out on two floors . The beds were super comfortable . I think that this is probably a nice business hotel with top of the line conference and meeting facilities but for couples or families you can do MUCH better in downtown Chicago .
I loved the Ambassador ! What a great hotel . It 's really beautiful , and the room was absolutely striking , very classic and elegant . Everything was done really well : the staff treated me like a regular . This is a top-notch hotel , the best place I 've stayed in a long time . My only complaint is that I wish it was on the Mile , but that 's it .
The heating in our room did n't work and was n't repaired depite numerous requests , the rooms were very small , the litter in the bin remained in the bin for the whole stay , the cleaner made the bed but nothing else , when we returned home my credit card statement showed that the hotel had charged me for the 5 night stay despite my having pre-paid through a travel agent , it took the hotel 2 months to re-credit my card without an apology or offer to pay for my numerous trans-Atlantic phone calls to them .
Swissotel continues to be a *yawn* As previous posters state , punching in your floor is ridiculous . On the other hand , technology wise it could be helpful in routing ppl to different elevators ( but if idiots like to cram into one elevator and leave the others free for me , why change ) ? In any case , I want to take a nice hot soak and -- guess what -- they are having water problems ... SOOOOO disappointed . Hopefully I do n't get bug bitten this time ( checked under the sheets ) . Sadly , due to my company 's deal , I think I have to stay here again next year *sigh* ... but so far they are batting 1 star ... . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Oh boy , it must be my luck ... or rather this hotel is just run down . I had to swap room FOUR TIMES . And that 's for a Thurs nite-Sunday morning stay . My first room had no hot water so I had to switch rooms . They gave me the key to the 2nd room , which happened to be occupied . Luckily the occupants had their security latch on , so there was n't any embarrassing moment . My third room was fine for 2 nights but then today ( just now ) I had to move because of water leakage ( above my room and below my room ) . BOY , talk about an awful hotel ( or my just awful luck ? ? ? ? Maybe it 's karma since I wrote a bad review last year , and continue to write one ... but it 's the TRUTH ) . Oh , also last year may not have been bed bugs . I have checked the room and it looks bug free but I STILL get these itchy patches on my leg . Perhaps it is something in the sheets ... or the air/HVAC ... . in any case , despite the decent staff , it is a ONE at best ( 0 for hotel , 1 for the still nice service -- since it 's not their fault ... . ) All I can say is ... THANK GOODNESS MY COMPANY WON '' T HOLD THE CONFERENCE IN CHICAGO NEXT YEAR , or AT LEAST AT THIS HOTEL ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
My husband & I stayed at the Fitzpatrick in early June 2004 for my birthday-great hotel ! Location provides easy walking to Navy Pier , Marshall Field , Michigan Avenue & John Hancock . Room seemed spacious even though its only about 300 sq ft. Lots of room in bathroom ; comfortable bed ; very quiet , upscale hotel . We would definitely stay here again !
I stayed at the Hilton Chicago last week and was very disappointed . The highlight of the stay was waiting 20 minutes for a bellman to come and get our luggage . Finally , my 72 year old mother , 8 year old son , and myself gave up and dragged it all down to valet parking ourselves - no easy task . The security guard was kind enough to hold the door for me . The valet parking attendants looked over and then ignored us . As far as I could tell , he was just standing there doing nothing . I could n't let go of the bags without everything falling so I gave my son the parking receipt . The attendant pointed to where our car was parked - no short distance away . My 8 year old had to tell him to pull it up . They should have been ashamed . Less significant , but irritating issues . The pool is part of the Hilton Athletic club . Two lanes are reserved for adults wanting to lap swim . Basically , two adults can take up 2/3rds of the pool while everyone else is consigned to the leftover 1/3rd . This is ridiculous and very family unfriendly . In addition , the pool closes at 9 p.m. What pool closes at 9 ? We stayed for 3 nights . Not one single additional bar of soap , bottle of shampoo , or coffee stirrers .
Just back from 5 night stay at Omni and would thoroughly recommend it . Staff bent over backwards to assist in anything , no matter how minute . Great location on magnificent mile and lots to do there both for adults and my 10yo daughter . If i had to find a fault it would be the extra charges , taxes etc for room service , bar and restaurant , but where is cheap these days ? Would definitely recommend it , especially for families .
We booked our hotel stay thru Yahoo and requested a room for 4 with 2 beds . When we got to the hotel , not only did they not have a room for us ( we pre-paid ! ) , but they said they could not guarantee what we had requested online , they could only give us what was available . The hotel staff was rude and condescending and only after I got upset did they finally tell me they did have a room for us . If you book online - beware ! You may not get what you paid for . They did not stand by their promise they advertise in each room .
